Robertson negative Locke ; Rachel negative Locke ; Martin neutral Locke <$> David Locke is a television journalist making a documentary film on post-colonial Africa . To finish the film , he is in the Sahara desert seeking to meet with and interview rebel fighters involved in Chad 's civil war . Struggling to find rebels to interview , his frustrations reach a climax when his Land Rover gets hopelessly stuck on a sand dune . After a long walk through the desert back to his hotel a thoroughly glum Locke finds that an Englishman by the name of Robertson , who has also been staying there and with whom he had struck up a friendship , has died overnight in his hotel room . Locke switches identities with Robertson ; he is tired of his work , his marriage and his life , and senses an opportunity to start over . Now , posing as Robertson , Locke reports his own death at the front desk , where the hotel manager mistakes Locke for Robertson , and the plan goes off without a hitch . In London , Locke 's wife Rachel has been having an affair with someone else but is guilt - ridden and torn by the news of her husband 's death . She approaches Locke 's friend , Martin a producer at the BBC , in an attempt to get in touch with Robertson so that she may learn more about her husband 's last days . Meanwhile " Robertson " has flown off to Europe with the dead man 's belongings , including his appointment book . Locke soon discovers Robertson to have been gunrunning for the rebels he himself had been trying to contact in the desert . When he goes to check - out an airport locker listed in Robertson 's diary , Locke is tracked down by the rebels ' point man in Europe , who is there to finalize the weapons sale . Since neither man has ever seen the other before , Locke is able to escape the meeting without being discovered and ends up receiving what is the first down - payment in cash for the apparent arms deal Robertson had already set up before his death . Later Locke accidentally spots Martin on a street in Barcelona , as the latter tries to track Robertson down on behalf of Rachel . Locke backtracks quickly and at this point bumps into an architecture student ( [ [ Maria Schneider while trying to hide nearby . He asks her to fetch his belongings so he wo n't be seen at his hotel , where Martin has apparently camped out in order to catch up with " Robertson " . She sneaks past Martin , and then stays with Locke as he drives off from Barcelona . They become lovers , as Locke confesses that he has stolen a dead man 's identity while trying to explain his recent behavior . Locke is flush with cash from the down payment on the arms he can not deliver , but is nevertheless drawn to keep the meetings listed in Robertson 's book . In the meantime , Rachel has received Locke 's belongings that have been flown back from Africa . Having heard from Martin of his unsuccessful chase of the evasive " Robertson " , Rachel receives a shock when she opens Locke 's passport , only to discover the photo of Robertson pasted inside . She now realizes why " Robertson " is being so evasive , and heads off to Spain to track Locke down herself . Locke now begins fleeing from the Spanish police , whom Rachel has brought in on the search for Robertson , but the Girl is loyal and helps him evade them , providing rational advice . Locke sends the Girl away on a bus , saying he 'll meet her in Tangiers later . The thugs eventually catch up with him at the Hotel de la Gloria after he sends her away with a grim story of a blind man who regains his sight only to commit suicide , Chatman , pp. 183 – 185 . in a Spanish town . The assassination takes place off screen in a seven minute long take - tracking shot which begins in a hotel room , travels out into a dusty parking area and tracks back into the hotel room.Chatman , p. 202 . All significant living characters are present in the last minutes of the movie as the Girl identifies the dead man as Robertson , while Locke 's wife says she does n't know him .
Bick positive Benedict ; Bick neutral Luz ; Luz negative Leslie ; Jett negative Luz ; Bick negative Jett ; Jett neutral Leslie ; Jett positive Benedict ; Bick neutral Jordy ; Judy positive Leslie ; Bick negative Juana ; Bick neutral Leslie <$> Jordan " Bick " Benedict , the head of the rich Benedict ranching family of Texas , goes to Maryland to buy a stud horse , War Winds . There he meets and courts the socialite Leslie Lynnton , who breaks off her engagement to a diplomat and becomes Bick 's wife . They return to Texas to start their life together on the family ranch , Reata , where Bick 's sister Luz runs the household . Luz resents Leslie 's arrival and tries to intimidate her . Jett Rink works for Luz and hopes to find his fortune by leaving Texas ; he also has a secret love for Leslie . Luz expresses her hostility for Leslie by cruelly digging in her spurs while riding Leslie 's beloved horse , War Winds . Luz dies after War Winds bucks her off , and as part of her will , Jett is given a plot of land within the Benedict ranch . Bick tries to buy back the land , but Jett refuses . Jett keeps the fenced off waterhole as his home and names the property Little Reata . Leslie eventually gives birth to twins , Jordan " Jordy " Benedict III and Judy Benedict , and a younger daughter named Luz II . Jett discovers traces of oil in a footprint left by Leslie and he drills in the spot . He hits his first gusher and is covered in the spouting oil . He drives to the Benedict front yard to assert himself and proclaim to the family and guests that he will be richer than the Benedicts . After Jett makes a rude sexual remark to Leslie , Bick punches him . As Bick 's friends restrain him , Jett hits him several times , then drives off . In the years before World War II , Jett prospers through his oil drilling company , named ' Jetexas ' . Determined to remain a cattle rancher like his forefathers , Bick rejects several offers to drill for oil on his much larger ranch . Meanwhile , tensions in the Benedict household revolve around how the parents want to bring up their children . Bick insists that Jordy must succeed him and run the ranch , as his father and grandfather before him &ndash; but Jordy wants to be a doctor . Leslie wants Judy to attend finishing school in Switzerland , but Judy loves the ranch and wants to study animal husbandry at Texas Tech . Both children succeed in pursuing their chosen vocations . After war breaks out , Jett visits the Benedicts to persuade Bick to allow oil production on his land to help the war effort . Recognizing that his children will not take over the ranch when he retires , Bick concedes . Both Bick and Jett have developed drinking problems . Luz II , now in her teens , starts flirting with Jett . Once oil production starts on the ranch , the wealthy Benedict family becomes even wealthier , as suggested by the addition of a swimming pool next to the house . After the war , the Benedict - Rink rivalry continues , coming to a head when the Benedicts discover that Luz II and the much older Jett have been dating . At a huge gala Jett organizes in his own honor , an irate Jordy tries to fight him after his Mexican - American wife , Juana , is repeatedly insulted by Jett 's employees because of her race . As his goons hold Jordy , Jett punches him repeatedly in front of a crowd , and has the young man thrown out . Fed up , Bick challenges Jett to a fistfight . Drunk and almost incoherent , Jett leads the way to a wine storage room . Seeing that Jett is in no state to defend himself , Bick lowers his fists , says " You 're not even worth hitting . ... You 're all through , " and leaves , but not before toppling Jett 's wine cellar shelves , domino - style . Jett , completely drunk , collapses face down and falls asleep on the table in front of his seat of honor . All the guests leave . Later , Luz II sees him partly recovered from his stupor , talking to an empty room and disclosing that his sexual interest in the young girl is only his attempt to possess her mother symbolically . The next day , the Benedicts , all except Jordy , drive down a sparsely traveled road and stop at a segregated diner . Juana and her little boy are once again insulted racially , and when the proprietor , Sarge , insults and begins to physically eject an old Mexican man and his family , Bick tries to stop him . This leads to a fistfight , which Bick clearly loses . Juana , Leslie and Luz II are disgusted by Sarge 's bigotry , but proud of Bick for standing up to the bully . Back at the ranch , Bick and Leslie watch their grandchildren , blonde and Latino , and reflect on their life and family . Leslie tells Bick that after watching him lose the fight in the diner , she respects his evolution in understanding the concerns of people not like his wealthy forbears , and considers their own incarnation of the Benedict family a success .
she negative Corelli ; Corelli negative Patrice ; Patrice neutral Matt ; she positive Matt ; Corelli negative Matt ; Barrett neutral Hargrove <$> San Francisco Assistant District Attorney David Corelli is called to the murder scene of prominent businessman Kyle Medford , found stabbed to death in his home by an antique hatchet . The lead detectives , Bob Hargrove and Petey Vesko , find photographs in Medford 's safe of Governor Lew Edwards having sex with a prostitute , later identified as Patrice Jacinto . During questioning , Patrice reveals that she and other women were paid by Medford to have sex with wealthy men at his beach house in Pacifica . She also informs them that the most desired prostitute among the clients was a woman known only as " Jade . " Corelli meets with Governor Edwards and his aide Bill Barrett , where he is warned not to make the photographs public , lest the Governor ruin Corelli 's career . Corelli is then almost killed when his brake line is deliberately cut and his vehicle goes out of control while driving down a steep hill . The detectives find fingerprints on the hatchet belonging to Katrina Gavin , a clinical psychologist and former lover of Corelli 's that eventually married his close friend , defense attorney Matt Gavin . When interviewed , Katrina explains Medford gave her a tour of his antique collection on the day in question , but claims to have nothing to do with his death . At Medford 's beach house , Corelli and the detectives find various drugs , alcohol , and sex toys as well as video cameras hidden in guest bedrooms . They conclude Medford was recording the sex sessions in order to blackmail the men . Corelli is shocked to discover Katrina on one of the tapes ; the revelation renews the detectives interest in her as a suspect . Patrice calls Corelli and arranges to meet him to discuss Jade 's identity , but , prior to arriving , she is killed in a hit - and - run accident by an unknown assailant driving a black 1993 Ford Thunderbird . Corelli , witnessing the murder first - hand , chases the assailants ' vehicle , but is unable to apprehend them . The detectives discover the Gavins own a black 1993 Ford Thunderbird and initially suspect Katrina of killing Patrice , but later find the actual vehicle used in the hit - and - run incident abandoned and determine someone may be trying to frame Katrina . Katrina is again brought in for questioning and shown the sex tape but Matt , in his capacity as her attorney , ends the interrogation before she fully explains her involvement . When confronted at their home by Matt , Katrina admits she had sex with the man on the tape , due in part to her knowledge of Matt 's many affairs . Katrina later visits Corelli at his apartment and tries unsuccessfully to seduce him , admitting she felt sexually liberated by sleeping with several men at the beach house , despite suspecting Medford of recording the sessions . Meanwhile , Justin Henderson , the only witness to identify Katrina at the Pacifica beach house , is found murdered . Corelli informs the detectives at the crime scene that Katrina could n't have killed him because she and Corelli were together at the time . Corelli rushes back to his apartment where he is met by Matt , who holds him at gunpoint and angrily accuses him of also having sex with Katrina . Corelli convinces Matt of his innocence and persuades him Katrina 's life is in danger . Back at the Gavin home , Det. Hargrove and Governor 's aide Barrett search for the incriminating photos of the Governor and Patrice . Hargrove tries to kill Katrina when she interrupts their search , but Corelli and Matt arrive and Matt shoots and kills Hargrove to save his wife . Afterwards , Corelli meets with the Governor to assure Katrina 's safety by leveraging his possession of the photographs . The Governor denies any knowledge of Hargrove 's or Barrett 's actions , but insinuates they were both acting on his behalf . As they get ready for bed , Katrina finds photographs laid out in her bathroom of her having sex with the men at the beach house . Matt admits to Katrina that he killed Medford because Medford would eventually blackmail them both . He assures her they have gotten away with the murder and then asks Katrina to " show him Jade " the next time they have sex .
Sally neutral Buzzy <$> The film revolves around the fate of five people - singer Carolyn Crosson , her boyfriend Gilbert London , child actress Sally Shine , Abigail Gregory : " I. ... I could n't sing . And I could n't dance . " Sally says that the whole party was a surprise birthday for her older sister . Abby , Buzzy , Jill , Q and Sally then board the service elevator , catching up with the others . Anna manages to escape from an emergency escape hatch , rejoining Buzzy and the others in their elevator . The lightning strikes again , and both groups plunge downward . Sally forgives her sister , and they both turn into a shower of gold dust , breaking the curse and slowing both elevators to a stop . The groups are saved , and they all go to the Tip - Top Club on the top floor , restored to its former glory . One by one , the ghosts then ascend to Heaven , along with the other partygoers . Abigail , young once more , appears , meeting up once more with her sister , who gives her a surprise birthday present , a bracelet . The Gregory sisters then join hands and vanish into the night , breaking the curse on the hotel . With the spell broken , the Tower is re-opened , with Q taking charge . Cha - Ching .
Aji negative Sangeeta <$> Aji ( [ [ Jishnu after the death of his father is forced by circumstances to take up his brother ’s profession of breaking old buildings and selling the scrap . His father had taken a contact to demolished house owned by Aditya Varma and had taken an advance . If Aji stands to complete the work , he stands to gain over Rs 2 lakhs , which he plans to use for his sister ’s marriage . But Varma ’s daughter Sangeeta ( [ [ Bhavana objects , saying that her cousin had conned her father to sell out . Aji and Sangeeta have arguments and fights that lead them to fall in love with each other ! And how matters are sorted out and the lovers unite forms the rest of the story . The supporting cast also has Jagathy , Cochin Haneefa , Harisri Asokan , Salim Kumar , Priyanka and others .
his positive Priscilla ; his negative Porky ; Priscilla neutral Porky <$> As the movie 's title implies , Daffy Duck stars in an Ebenezer Scrooge - like role in the Looney Tunes retelling of this classic tale . In the beginning of the movie , Bugs Bunny pops up out of his hole to clear away the snow , and explains to the viewers he 's a rabbit of all seasons , despite the fact rabbits are associated with Easter . He 's then almost run over by Daffy Duck 's gas guzzling Hummer . Daffy is the scrooge like owner of the Lucky Duck Superstore , and he treats his employees like they 're garbage . Despite Bugs ' scolding him for berating Playboy Penguin , Daffy still acts snobbish and tries to abscond with the money Priscilla Pig , Egghead Jr. , Henery Hawk and Barnyard Dawg Jr. are collecting for charity . Daffy especially has trouble with his hover scooter , and gets beat up by his own employees and the customers . After Daffy states he hates the holidays , Bugs warns him about the Ghosts of Christmas , which Daffy simply scoffs at . After working his employees to the bone on Christmas Eve , Daffy expects them all back at 5:00 am on Christmas Day , so he can make more money off of last minute shoppers . Assistant Assistant Manager Porky Pig in a Bob Cratchit - like role pleads to let him go home for Christmas and spend time with his daughter , Priscilla , who is in a Tiny Tim - like role , but Daffy refuses and Bugs warns him that bad things happens to people like him and tells him " Bah , Humduck ! " , which Daffy then takes as his own . Later that day , the spirit of his deceased business idol Sylvester The Investor who is clad in chains as punishment for his greed , and he warns Daffy that if he does n't change his ways , he will be doomed to the same fate . He tells Daffy that he still has a chance of escaping his fate and foretells that three spirits will visit him but Daffy thinks that this is a trick by Bugs and does not believe him . Daffy , trapped in the store by a snowdrift with Bugs , locks himself in his vault to be safe . But the ghosts are not that easily stopped . The Ghost of Christmas Past who took on the form of two things an old lady and a bird ( [ [ Granny took him back to his childhood , where they see that Daffy lived at the Lucky Duck Orphanage , and every Christmas , he was ignored by potential parents , which explains his cold demeanor in the Present Day . The Ghost of Christmas Present then appears , and shows him how sad his employees are and tells him if he does n't change his ways , his future is very bleak . By this time , Daffy is starting to feel tender emotion , which earns him another one of the Ghosts ' numerous beatings . By this time , he actually dreads the visit of the last ghost and begs Bugs to hide him from it . After a reenactment of Bugs and Daffy 's hiding routine , he is left alone and the last ghost appears . The Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come ( the [ [ Tasmanian Devil comes and shows him that because of his greed and selfishness he is dead and his store is permanently closed , leaving everyone out of a job , but allowing them to spend Christmas with their families just like they wanted . When Porky 's daughter promises to visit Daffy 's grave every Christmas because no one should be alone on that holiday , his cold demeanor melts and his heart breaks . Realising his greed and selfish nature was to cover up his real wish to be part of a family , Daffy proclaims to be a changed man . Returning to the present , he gives Porky a promotion , hires Playboy Penguin as one of his employees , everyone the gifts that they want and a promise of a raise . There is a brief moment when he slides back to his greedy self , contemplating just how he is going to recover all the costs . However , it immediately fades when Priscilla presents cookies in the shape of a duck and calls him uncle . Daffy thinks she 's pushing it until she kisses him and he lets her call him " Uncle Daffy " . After Bugs munches on a candy cane , the camera pulls out of the mall to end the movie . Porky and Priscilla finish the movie saying the famous line : " T - T - T - That 's all folks ! "
Rasaq neutral Shahina <$> Shahina is a teenage Muslim girl studying in the 10th grade , when her relatives and the community chiefs decide to marry her to a boy named Rasaq . However , Rasaq is already married and the father of a child . Shahina knows nothing about married life and her interest still lie in attending school . Rasaq exploits shahina sexually in the beginning by drugging her , and later divorces her saying that she is not fit for the family . Shahina is happy that she can return to school , but soon realizes that she is pregnant .
Michael positive her ; Orlov neutral her ; Peabody positive her ; her neutral CIA ; Matveyev negative her ; Michael negative Orlov <$> Evelyn Salt is tortured in a North Korean prison on suspicion of being an American spy . Released as part of a prisoner exchange , she is met by Central Intelligence Agency colleague Ted Winter . When she wonders why she has been freed , Winter informs her that the dogged persistence of her boyfriend , renowned arachnologist Michael Krause , forced the agency to act . Salt admits to Michael that she is a spy and warns him that he " is not safe with her . " He , however , tells her he wants to spend the rest of his life with her . Two years later , on Salt 's wedding anniversary , a Russian defector named Oleg Vasilyevich Orlov arrives at the CIA . Salt interrogates him , with Winter and CIA counterintelligence agent Peabody observing . Orlov tells her about " Day X " , a Russian plot to destroy the United States by using English - speaking sleeper agents trained from childhood . Agent " KA - 12 " will assassinate Russian President Boris Matveyev , a reformer who has dedicated his time in office to improve relations between Russia and the United States , at the funeral of the Vice President of the United States . Orlov reveals that KA - 12 is named " Evelyn Salt " . Salt protests her innocence and insists on calling her husband to warn him , but he does not answer . Winter reluctantly agrees when Peabody decides to detain Salt , but she escapes and makes her way back to her apartment . Finding signs that Michael has been kidnapped , Salt takes her weapons and one of Michael 's spiders . After evading CIA pursuit after a series of escapes , Salt travels to New York City and checks into a hotel , where she extracts venom from the spider . Salt makes her way to the church where the funeral is being held . Despite the tight security , she gets in and sets off a demolition charge during the Vice President 's eulogy , causing Matveyev to fall through the floor to where Salt is waiting to complete the assassination . Peabody captures her , but she escapes on the way to custody . The media report that the Russian president is dead en route to hospital . On her way to the barge where Orlov is holed up with other KAs , Salt remembers , in a series of flashbacks , growing up in the Soviet Union , where her mentor Orlov trained her and other children to obey him absolutely and how she became the sleeper agent KA - 12 . Orlov tests her loyalty to him by having Michael killed in front of her . She seemingly shows no emotion . Satisfied , he then briefs her on the next part of her mission : she is to rendezvous with another sleeper agent , who will help her eliminate the President of the United States . Enraged at the death of Michael and wanting to stop the plot , Salt then kills Orlov and all the other agents there . Salt meets fellow KA agent Shnaider , who uses his cover identity as a Czech NATO liaison to get Salt , disguised as his aide , into the White House . Shnaider then launches a suicidal attack , causing the Secret Service and Winter to move the President to an underground bunker . After a series of hand - to - hand battles , Salt manages to get inside . In the main room , the president and another man together give the activation code for the country 's nuclear arsenal . Winter then grabs a weapon and kills everyone except the president , to whom he introduces himself as Nikolai Tarkovski , yet another KA sleeper agent , before knocking him out . He prepares to launch missiles at Mecca and Tehran which would kill nine million Muslims . The Islamic World would be enraged at the nuclear attacks . This would also unite 1.6 billion Sunnis and Shias together which will have severe repercussions and create a slow and painful war for the United States . Salt persuades Winter to let her into the locked down room to share the glory , but before he does , he sees television news reports that Matveyev is alive . Winter rebukes Salt for falling for Michael , instead of recruiting him , and tells her that it was he who arranged for Orlov to kidnap her husband . Salt breaks into the control room , where they fight for the nuclear football . Salt wins and aborts the strikes just in time before Peabody and Secret Service agents capture her . On the way out of the White House , while still in handcuffs , Salt manages to finally kill Winter , who survived the previous fight , by garroting him with her handcuffs . On a helicopter taking her to FBI custody , Salt tries to convince a skeptical Peabody that she saved the day . She tells him that she can hunt down the rest of the KA sleeper agents trained and planted by Orlov ; she wants revenge because " they took everything from her " . After receiving an SMS saying that Salt 's fingerprints were found at the body - strewn barge , Peabody accepts she is telling the truth . He secretly uncuffs her , and she jumps into the Potomac River below and escapes into a wooded area .
Dogen neutral Dhyana ; Dogen negative his ; Dhyana neutral his ; Dogen positive Hurok ; Hurok negative Baal <$> { { Plot } } The movie portrays the story of a space ranger named Dogen , who is in search of an intergalactic criminal with supernatural powers named Jared - Syn . He has tracked this individual to a desert planet called Lemuria . The planet 's human population lives in scattered mining towns , gathering valuable crystals which seem to be the basis for their technology and economy . Syn has posed as the leader of a strange group of nomadic humanoids called the " One Eyes " – so named because they symbolically gouge out one of their eyes – who are descendants of a vanished culture called the Cyclopians . The territorial nomads have begun a holy war to drive the human miners from their lands . Syn has instigated this crusade , but Dogen knows that Syn 's plan is really to enslave them all and seeks to stop him at all cost . Syn equips his nomads with strange red crystals that drain the life out of touched victims . Dogen searches Lemuria 's wastelands for Syn 's camp , traveling in an armored vehicle which looks like a road - warrioresque SUV . The movie begins with Dogen coming under attack by a " skybike " , , piloted by a nomad . Dogen manages to shoot down the bike and finds one of Syn 's crystals on the pilot 's body . Carved into the crystal is a symbol of a dead tree . Dogen next finds a murdered prospector , whose young daughter Dhyana witnessed his death at the hands of Baal , Jared Syn 's half - cyborg son . Baal sprayed the man with a strange green liquid that sent him into a nightmarish dream - state , in which Syn appeared and executed him with a crystal . Dogen convinces Dhyana that it 's his mission to find Syn and she joins him on his quest . Dhyana takes Dogen to a man named Zax who tests the crystal and identifies it as a lifeforce storage device . Dhyana recalls a tale of the ancient Cyclopians who once used such devices and says the only power against it is a magic mask located in their lost city . Zax confirms the tale and tells Dogen to find a prospector named Rhodes who lives in the nearby mining town of Zhor . Dogen and Dhyana head to Zhor , but along the way they are attacked by a group of vehicles driven by the nomads and commanded by Baal . Dogen is forced to stop at a road block where Baal sprays him with the green liquid and he becomes paralyzed . Dhyana manages to drive the nomads off and cares for Dogen who slips into the dream world and finds Syn and Baal looming over him . Syn tries to pull Dogen away from Dhyana , but their will is too strong to break . Dogen awakes from the dream but Dhyana is suddenly teleported away and finds herself before Syn in his lair . In her place , a summoned monster appears before Dogen and fires electric bolts at him . Dogen uses water to defeat the creature which shorts out and vanishes . Dogen then arrives in Zhor and finds Rhodes , a washed - up soldier , drinking in a bar . Rhodes denies the lost city 's existence and refuses to get involved . Dogen leaves but comes across a group of miners beating up a captured nomad soldier . When Dogen runs to help him the miners turn hostile and a shootout ensues . Dogen is out - gunned until Rhodes helps him and defeats the miners . Rhodes reluctantly agrees to help Dogen and the two head out driving deep into Cyclopian territory where they come to the lost city . There , Dogen locates an ominous statue of a seated being with a single eye and finds the crystal mask just as the legend foretold . The two are then attacked by snake - like creatures but manage to get away until they are accosted by a group of nomad warriors . Their intimidating leader , Hurok , grabs the mask from Dogen and accuses them of trespassing on their sacred land – a crime punishable by death . Rhodes points out that the nomad law states that a warrior can fight for his freedom so Dogen is put into a dueling pit with Hurok . Dogen fights Hurok , but manages to defeat him and honorably spares his life . Hurok accepts Dogen as a friend and lets him go free . Meanwhile , Dhyana is still being held in Syn 's lair . Syn takes her before a massive crystal and forces her touch it . It begins to glow and emits a sounds like the suffering of hundreds of beings . Syn tells her that the crystal gets its power from the souls he captures including that of her father . Dhyana is disgusted and says her warrior will come for her . Elsewhere , Dogen and Rhodes conduct a drive - by shooting on Baal 's encampment and a chase ensues . Dogen makes good their escape and stops to rest at a lake . There , Dogen looks over the mask . Placing it over his face , he finds himself in the dream world with a burning tree . In his hand he finds an axe and hacks into the tree . The tree moans like the crystal in Syn 's camp and trickles a stream of blood . Dogen pulls the mask off his face finding himself back with Rhodes but suddenly , the two are attacked again by Baal . Baal rushes up extending his robotic arm to spray Dogen , but Rhodes pushes him out of the way . Rhodes is knocked out and Dogen struggles with Baal managing to rip the robotic limb from his shoulder . Baal cries out in agony and runs away . Dogen follows the trail of green fluid that is leaking from Baal 's severed limb which leads him to Syn 's camp . He sees the nomads gathered around Syn and makes his way through the crowd . Hurok is also present and steps forward to meet his friend . Syn announces to his people that the warrior is here to stop them from their goals , but Dogen states that he has only come for Syn . Syn orders Hurok to kill Dogen , but Hurok refuses and demands that Dogen be allowed to speak . Dogen turns to the crowd telling the nomads that Syn is a liar and that he wants their land so they can serve him as slaves . The crowd begins to protest with anger , but Syn shouts that they are all too late . He activates the crystal and summons forth a blast of energy which stuns the crowd . Syn fires a more blasts at Dogen but he deflects it with the mask . Baal grabs the mask and it shatters on the ground . Hurok then grabs Baal and stabs him in the chest with a knife . Syn shouts in despair as his son dies then suddenly he disappears , teleporting away . The sound of a skybike alerts Dogen as he sees Syn fly off . He jumps on another bike to pursue . Dogen chases Syn over the mountains and into the desert , but Syn casts another spell that opens an energy portal and he gets away . Dogen returns to the nomad camp finding Dhyana safe with Hurok . Dogen says Syn has escaped where Hurok states that he may return in another place and time . Dogen swears that wherever he goes , he 'll be waiting for him . Dogen then fires his pistol and destroys Syn 's soul crystal . Dogen and Dhyana leave the camp and walk down a road on foot but they soon encounter Rhodes in Dogen 's truck who picks them up and takes them into town .
Kristin negative Rudolfa ; Kristin negative Bill <$> After Santa Claus has noticed how many children have become naughty , he decides that he will not deliver presents to any children this year . But his daughter , Kristin Claus , thinks there is one more chance for a Christmas . Kristin took on the challenge of trying to deliver all the presents in the Mortal World.She made a deal with people in the North Pole that should would change a family on " Santa 's Naughty List " to be on the " Nice List " . She uses her magic to go to the Morgan house , a family of a single father and two spoiled children , and try to change them to nice . But the children are tricked by Rudolfa , Kristin 's sister , who wants to turn Christmas into a joking holiday . Kristin was mistaken as a nanny for the children and played along with the role . The children begin to resent Kristin , and Kyle Morgan even told their dad that Kristin was dangerous . Kyle tries to engage Brittni into it . They treated Kristin badly and she left the Morgan house when no one was at home . Bill Morgan became work - obsessed since his wife died . On a work - trip he carried along the children and their uncle and took a rest stop at a diner . They met Kristin there and Bill convinced her to look after the children on the trip . The family take an unexpected detour . Rudolfa uses her magic to make a fake detour sign and sends the family in the middle of nowhere . She also sent an elf dressed as a deer into the middle of the road , causing them to swerve into a ditch . They spend the night at a nearby old , abandoned house , where Kristin confronts Bill about his own selfish ways . The kids continue to act selfish and bratty , but Bill and Kristin do n't put up with it . Brittni soon realizes that she is behaving bratty and makes the family breakfast - in - bed from some food supplies she found in the house . A fire breaks out , and Kyle , the family 's son almost dies . Kristin gives her immortality to save him , but she now can not remember her past .
Katharine negative Tess ; Jack neutral Tess ; Katharine neutral Trask ; Tess neutral Trask ; Cynthia positive Tess <$> Tess McGill is a working - class stockbroker 's secretary from Staten Island with a bachelor 's degree in Business from evening classes . She dreams of an executive position . Tricked by her boss into a date with his lascivious colleague , she gets into trouble by publicly insulting him and is reassigned as secretary to a new financial executive , Katharine Parker . Seemingly supportive , Katharine encourages Tess to share ideas . Tess suggests that a client , Trask Industries , should invest in radio to gain a foothold in media . Katharine listens to the idea and says she 'll pass it through some people . Later , she says the idea was n't well received . But when Katharine breaks her leg skiing in Europe , she asks Tess to house - sit and Tess discovers she plans to pass off the idea as her own . At home , Tess finds her boyfriend in bed with another woman . Disillusioned , she returns to Katharine 's apartment and begins her transformation . Tess sets up a meeting with executive Jack Trainer , using her boss 's name as an entrée . She wants to see Trainer the evening before the meeting at a party which she will attend in a dress of Katharine 's . Before the party her friend Cynthia gives her a valium from Katharine 's bathroom when Tess suffers a panic attack . At the party , Tess unknowingly meets Jack , who is fascinated by her . They have a couple of drinks and the combined effect of valium and alcohol lead to her waking next morning in Jack 's bed . She leaves before he wakes and , entering the meeting , realizes Jack Trainer is the man she spent the night with . She feels the pitch goes badly . Back at her desk , she is mortified about the night before but Jack comes in and says they are happy with Tess 's idea . Days later , Tess and Jack gatecrash Trask 's daughter ’s wedding and pitch their plan . Trask is interested and a meeting is set up . Later Tess and Jack end up in bed together . Tess wants to explain her true situation but keeps quiet after learning Jack has been in a relationship with Katharine , which he says is all but over . Katharine comes home on the day of the meeting with Trask . Tess overhears Katharine asking Jack to confirm his love for her , but he avoids answering and hurries out . Tess also rushes off , leaving her diary , which Katharine reads . The meeting goes well until Katharine storms in , accusing Tess , a mere secretary , of stealing her idea . Tess protests but leaves , apologizing . Days later , Tess is clearing out her desk when someone bumps into her , spiling all her notes and supplies on the floor . While picking them up in front of the elevator , Jack , Katharine , and Trask arrive . Tess confronts Katharine and starts to tell her side of the story . Katharine tries to lead the group away , but Jack says he believes Tess . When Trask hears a convincing tidbit , he hops off the closing elevator with Katharine and onto an elevator with Jack and Tess . They then convince Trask that the move into radio was Tess 's idea , showing him materials . Trask confronts Katharine , asking her how she came up with the idea . She stumbles and is fired . Trask offers Tess an " entry - level " job with his company . Tess starts her new job , armed with a lunchbox prepared by Jack . Directed to an office , she sees a woman on the phone , assumes she is her new boss and seats herself in the typing pool . The woman reveals she is , in fact , Tess ’s secretary . Tess insists they work together as colleagues , showing she will be very different than Katharine . She then calls Cynthia from her office overlooking Manhattan to say she 's landed her dream job .
TGRI neutral Perry ; Tokka negative Keno ; Tokka neutral Perry ; Keno neutral Perry <$> Following the Shredder 's defeat at the hands of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , the four live with their news reporter friend April O'Neil while they look for a new home , afraid the Foot will attack them if they return to the sewer . On a night out they encounter a pizza delivery boy named Keno fighting a band of robbers and intervene on his behalf . Meanwhile , the Foot Clan have retreated to a large junkyard , where the Shredder 's second in command Tatsu declares himself their leader . However , he relinquishes command when the Shredder returns , having survived his encounter with the Turtles and Splinter and now desiring revenge . April reports on the efforts of an industrial organization called Techno Global Research Industries to neutralize pollutants that have resulted from their experiments , and a member of April 's camera crew that is a spy for the Foot discovers that toxic waste produced by the company has caused a mutation in nearby dandelion plants , producing exponential growth . Splinter , seeing the report on television , shows the Turtles and April the canister of the " ooze " that caused their mutation , revealing it was manufactured by TGRI . Shredder dispatches the Foot to obtain some of the ooze that caused the mutation . The Turtles infiltrate the TGRI laboratory seeking answers , but discover the Foot have kidnapped Perry , and after a skirmish the Foot escapes with the last canister of the ooze . The Shredder forces Perry to expose a alligator snapping turtle and a wolf to the ooze , transforming them into Tokka and Rahzar . Though the Shredder is irritated when they act as infants and consider him their " mother " , due to Perry secretly modifying the ooze , but the Shredder is impressed with their immense strength and sends them to attack the city . Meanwhile Keno and Raphael infiltrate the Foot by having Keno pose as a new recruit , and the other three Turtles discover a new lair in an abandoned subway station . With Keno 's assistance , Raph successfully infiltrates the Foot headquarters located on Lairdman Island , but is captured by the Shredder . Keno escapes to inform the others , but the group is led into a trap and are pitted against Tokka and Rahzar . The Turtles are overwhelmed by their brute strength , but manage to escape into a manhole that the larger mutants can not fit through , successfully rescuing Perry in the process . Talking with Perry , Donatello is depressed to learn that the ooze was created in a lab accident rather than anything else , but Splinter assures him that he can not judge his worth based on his origins . Upon learning that the Shredder intends to release Tokka and Rahzar into populated areas unless the Turtles confront them , Perry develops an antidote to counteract the ooze 's effects and transform them back into normal animals . The Turtles meet with the Foot and successfully administer some portion of the antimutigen to Tokka and Rahzar by concealing it in donuts , but are discovered and another fight ensues . The fight spills into a nightclub , where the club 's singer Vanilla Ice improvises a rap song to prevent a panic by creating the impression that the fight is part of his act . With advice from Perry the Turtles spray fire extinguishers into Tokka and Razhar 's mouths , the carbon dioxide speeding up the antimutigen and reverting the two monsters back to their natural forms . After the Turtles take care of the Foot and Tatsu , the Shredder arrives and takes a woman hostage , revealing he still possesses the ooze . Keno arrives and kicks the canister out of his hands , which is recovered by Perry , but the Shredder retains a small vial of the ooze . Using a sound amplifier to magnify a Keytar , the Shredder is blasted through a wall onto the docks outside . The Turtles follow and find Shredder mutated into a " Super-Shredder " , having consumed the vial of ooze . The Shredder overpowers the Turtles , but his rampant destruction of the dock 's supports causes it collapse on top of them , crushing him while the Turtles dive to safety in the water . The Turtles return to their lair triumphant , but are confronted by Splinter with a newspaper showing a picture of them fighting at the club on the front page . As punishment , the Turtles are forced to do flips , Splinter quoting Vanilla Ice 's rap and laughing as they begin .
Minerva neutral Patria ; Minerva positive Trujillo ; Lio neutral Minerva ; Patria neutral Trujillo <$> The Movie Begins showing pictures and films of the actual victims Of Rafael Trujillo . During the montage a title card appears that says : : From 1930 until 1961 , General Leonidas Trujillo held absolute control of the Dominican Republic . : His secret alliance with the church , aristocrats , intellectuals and the press were the foundation of his dictatorship . : His formula to remain in power was simple : murder anyone who opposed him . : More than 30,000 thousand people were executed during his regime of terror ... The scene shifts to inside of a prison cell where one of his victims , Minerva Mirabal recounts the events of the story . Minerva and her three sisters Patria , Dede and Maria Teresa live on a farm in rural Ojo De Agua . Minerva , the outspoken sister , convinces her father to send her , Patria and Mate away to attend school . The sisters spend five years away at school , during which time Minerva captures the attention of el Jefe , who notices Minerva at a school play . When school is over , Minerva wishes to study to become a lawyer , but women are not allowed in law school . So the sisters return to the farm , and Minerva soon meets and falls in love with Virgilio a member of the resistance , who gives her the nickname " Butterfly " . Lio 's activities during a college protest are noticed , and he is forced to leave the country out of fear for his life , though he continues to write to Minerva . Minerva , along with her family , is invited to a formal ball at the President 's palace , where she dances with Trujillo . During their dance , Minerva asks for permission to attend law school , but Trujillo declines . He touches Minerva inappropriately , and she responds by recoiling and slapping him in the face . Her family quickly rushes to her side , and Trujillo allows them to leave . The next day the police arrive at the family farm and take Minerva 's father away . The sisters spend several weeks dealing with the police bureaucracy trying to locate their father before it is suggested that there is a way that Minerva can get her father out of prison . Minerva goes to the palace and Trujillo suggests that her father can leave if she stays at the palace . Minerva points out that her mother is waiting outside and would " appreciate his hospitality " too . Trujillo decides that that they should leave it to chance , to determine if Minerva and her family go free , or if Minerva stays at the place while her family is free . Minerva accepts , but asks to " up the stakes " - if she wins , she goes free and also gets to attend law school , and if she loses , Trujillo can " have his wish " . She rolls the dice and wins , and Trujillo lets her leave . Minerva 's victory is hollow . Her father is released from prison , but has been tortured , is not well , and soon dies . While attending his funeral , the police chief delivers to Minerva a letter permitting her to attend law school . Minerva 's hatred of Trujillo is intense , but she decides to accept his " gift " to attend law school because she views it as her only way to effectively oppose Trujillo . While in law school , Minerva discovers that Lio has been killed by Trujillo supporters even though he was out of the country . She meets other members of the resistance , who through Lio , know of her as " Butterfly " . She becomes a member of the resistance , and over time Patria and Mate learn of her activities and become involved too . She falls in love with Manolo , a fellow law student and member of the resistance , and they are married . When Minerva graduates from law school , Trujillo is present to pass out the diplomas . All the other students receive diplomas , but he refuses to give Minerva a diploma saying he agreed to allow her to attend law school , not to practice law . After law school , Minerva has children , but continues her resistance activities . After a series of increasingly dangerous events she , Mate , and many resistance members are arrested and sent to jail . Minerva becomes a symbol , and many prisoners , guards , and outsiders secretly voice their support for " the Butterflies " . Eventually Minerva and Mate are released from jail , but their husbands and Patria 's are still held captive . The women continue their efforts to locate their husbands and inquire about their status . Trujillo stops by to visit Minerva at her home , and she asks for his help to get their husbands released . Trujillo vows to help Minerva " end her troubles " . While returning from a trip to visit their husbands , Minerva , Patria and Mate are stopped on the road by a large group of Trujillo 's men . They are taken some distance off the main road , and the men surround them and beat them to death . Another title card appears at the end that says : : The Death Of The Mirabal Sisters was the final blow to the regime of Leonidas Trujillo , who was assassinated six months later . : Several of the children of the Mirabal sisters held important posts in the later democratic governments of the Dominican Republic . : The day of the sisters ' death , November 25 , is observed in many Latin American countries as the International Day Against Violence Towards Women .
Joe positive Stefanie <$> Gregory is a disturbed fast - food worker , who has reached the end of his mental tether after being tormented and humiliated by his cruel boss , Mr. Crolick . Fed up with Joe ’s ineptitude , Crolick fires Joe . Joe soon hatches a deadly plot for revenge and returns to the restaurant only to become side - tracked when he catches the eye of Stefanie , a beautiful female patron . However , Joe completely misinterprets his encounter with Stefanie and ends up unintentionally kidnapping her.http : / / blog.moviefone.com/2010/05/13/movies-to-put-on-your-radar-last-day-of-summer/
Chow negative Tung <$> In the 16th century , Japanese pirates terrorized the harbors of China for decades until General Chi Ching Kwong masterminded a naval task force to combat the invaders . The oppressive Japanese government sends a contingent of stealth Ninjas to assassinate the General in his palace . His son discovers that these killers have pledged their lives to eradicate his father . Soon Ninja assassins are attacking the General ’s soldiers in order to get to him . General Chi Ching Kwong sends his son on a mission to recruit three Chinese anti-Ninjitsu fighters from the elder Master of Three Arts , who owes the General a debt . When the son establishes contact with the Master of Three Arts , the old one informs the General ’s son that his three pupils do not know each other ’s identity . The General ’s son first meets up with the mischievous Chow Chun who he quickly enlists to the cause . Together they recruit the other student , a blacksmith named Tung Yen . Chow Chun and Tung Yen are students of the same master , but do n’t know each other and their philosophies cause them to fight playfully . Finally , the contingent adds the missing component to their team , that of weapons specialist , Mao Tin Yeung . Even as General Chi Ching Kwong ’s son and his newfound allies return to the palace , several Ninjas have infiltrated the household disguised as servants . The General ’s son then assigns each of his fighters to pose as servants as well , to catch any possible assassination attempts . Chow Chun is assigned to assist in the kitchens , to watch over the staff . He sees the lead cook load a deadly blade onto a tray and try to deliver it to the General for dinner . Chow Chun races out to the serving room and faces off with the Ninja assassin . General Chi Ching Kwong watches as his dinner is interrupted by this life or death battle . Next , one of the guards turns out to be an assassin , and is discovered by Tung Yen and soundly trashed . Mao Tin Yeung uses his wits to determine that the recent hiring of a palace maiden is indeed a female undercover Ninja . When he confronts her , she goes crazy and he is forced to fight her to the death . The leader of the Japanese Ninjas , Shi Ping Wei deploys a plan to kidnap the General ’s son to lure the General ’s bodyguards away from the palace where he will be unprotected . A band of sneaky Ninjas make off with the son , and hide him away in the nearby gardens . Chow Chun , Tung Yen , and Mao Tin Yeung unite and attempt to rescue the General ’s son . Along the way , they are attacked by various bands of Ninja , including Tree Ninjas , Earth Ninjas , Sun Ninja ’s . They finally fight their way past the Ninja horde , only to discover the General ’s son is the prisoner of the sword - wielding Shi Ping Wei ! The heroes must fight their way past this deadly swordmaster and his Ninja disciples if they are to rescue the General ’s son ...
Sarah neutral Lucy ; Sarah positive Brad ; Ronnie negative Larry ; Sarah negative Larry ; Brad negative Kathy <$> Sarah Pierce is a reluctant housewife and mother in an upper - middle class suburb of Boston . She is married to Richard Pierce , a successful yet distant husband , who is secretly obsessed with an internet porn star . Sarah refers to her daughter Lucy as an " unknowable little person " and feels out of place around the other Stepford like mothers at a local playground . Brad Adamson ( [ [ Patrick Wilson is a former college football player who 's also married to Kathy , a documentary filmmaker , with a young son named Aaron . Brad is depressed and frustrated , as his wife is the breadwinner and he is a stay - at - home father who has failed the bar exam twice . Each day he leaves home with the pretense of going to the library to study , but spends the time watching skateboarders at the nearby park . He joins a policeman 's touch football team at the urging of a friend , Larry Hedges , a disgraced former police officer . Sarah and Brad meet on the school playground , where Sarah suggests they hug to surprise the watching mothers nearby . Brad kisses her , and it quickly becomes apparent that the two are attracted to each other . Over the course of several visits to the local pool , Sarah and Brad get to know each other , and soon begin an affair . Meanwhile , Ronald " Ronnie " James McGorvey , who has served a prison sentence for indecent exposure to a minor , has moved back into the neighborhood to live with his mother . Larry launches a harassment campaign against Ronnie , handing out posters , vandalizing his house , harassing and almost assaulting the man and his mother . Ronnie 's mother tries to help by setting Ronnie up on a date , which ends badly with him masturbating in his date 's car outside a children 's playground . Brad and Sarah finally see each other at a football game , where he asks her to run away with him ; the two agree to meet up at a local park the next night . After the game a drunken Larry goes to McGorvey 's house and further harasses him , using a megaphone to wake the entire neighborhood . Mrs. McGorvey tries to stop him , but Larry pushes her down . She has a heart attack and later dies in the hospital . Ronnie is devastated at losing the one person who loved him . That evening Sarah packs a bag and takes Lucy to the playground to wait for Brad . On the way to the playground , Brad is again transfixed by the young skateboarders , who dare him to try one jump on a short stair rail . Brad ca n't resist and ends up injuring himself . Sarah is unexpectedly met at the playground by Ronnie instead and tries to comfort him , leaving Lucy to wander off by herself . This frightens Sarah . Once she finds Lucy , Sarah tearfully embraces her daughter and goes home . Brad is taken to the hospital and asks the police officer on the scene to call his wife . Larry comes to the park to find Ronnie and apologize for harassing him . Noticing blood dripping off Ronnie , he is horrified to discover that Ronnie has castrated himself . Panicked , Larry picks Ronnie up and takes him to the hospital . They arrive just as Kathy meets Brad 's ambulance at the emergency room doors . The film ends with an image of Sarah sleeping alongside Lucy in their home .
Pratap positive Anuradha ; Vikram neutral Anuradha <$> Vikram Singh is the Maharaja of Pratap Nagar and is very impressed with his Senapati Sangram Singh for years of loyal service . He decides to make him a Maharaja and agrees to marry his daughter , Anuradha , with his son , Pratap . Years later , Vikram sends his now grown - up Anuradha to visit the coronation of Rajkumar Pratap Singh and approve of him as her husband , and she sets off without any escort with just her maid - servant , Kalavati , for company . Shortly thereafter , Vikram is informed that Kalavati has been abducted by a bandit named Suraj Singh , he accordingly rushes over to Sangram 's and this is where he discovers to his shock that Kalavati is posing as Anuradha , and it is his daughter that has been abducted by Suraj . When Suraj is arrested and lodged in a dungeon , preparations are set forth for the coronation of Pratap and his subsequently marriage with Anuradha . { { cite news } }
Michelle neutral Jim ; Jim positive Kara ; Michelle positive Kara ; Selena positive Finch ; Vicky negative Kevin ; Stifler negative Noah ; Mia negative Ron ; Mia negative Heather ; Stifler negative Finch ; MILF neutral John <$> Thirteen years after graduating high school , Jim Levenstein , Chris " Oz " Ostreicher ( [ [ Chris Klein , Kevin Myers , Paul Finch , and Steve Stifler have moved on with adult life and responsibilities . Jim is still married to Michelle and they now have a two - year - old son , Evan . However , since the birth of their son , Jim and Michelle 's sex life has slowly but surely begun to deteriorate . Oz is an NFL sportscaster living in Los Angeles with his supermodel girlfriend Mia . Kevin is married to Ellie and works from home as an architect . Finch tells his friends that he has been traveling the world , and still searching for his one true love . Stifler works as a temp at an investment firm , where he is also the victim of cruel verbal abuse by his arrogant employer . When former classmate John , one half of the ' MILF ' duo , organizes a Class of 1999 high school reunion in East Great Falls , Jim and Michelle arrive at Jim 's old home , where his father Noah is now a widower . Jim encounters his neighbor Kara , who he used to babysit and is soon to turn 18 . Jim meets up with Oz , Kevin and Finch at a bar , where they meet Selena Vega , a former classmate and Michelle 's best friend from band . Stifler unknowingly happens across the group , and joins them for weekend activities . The next day , the group goes to the beach . Oz meets his high school girlfriend , Heather , who is dating a heart surgeon named Ron , while Kevin reconnects with Vicky . The guys have an altercation with Kara 's boyfriend A.J. and his friends , which ends with Stifler defecating in their beer cooler and destroying their jet skis . That night , the guys and girls , minus Michelle , go to the falls where they encounter a high school party celebrating Kara 's birthday . Finch and Selena reconnect and realize how much they have in common , thus falling in love with one another . Jim is forced to drive an intoxicated Kara home , who tries to seduce him . They are almost caught by John , but he thinks Michelle was giving Jim oral sex , and dismisses it . Oz , Finch , and Stifler come help Jim secretly return Kara back home past her parents , but A.J. spots them sneaking out . A hungover Kevin wakes up in a bed next to Vicky in his boxers and assumes they had sex . The next day , Stifler tries to throw a party like in high school , but finds everyone else has outgrown this . Jim and Michelle , who have been having a lackluster sex life , attend with a plan to recreate their prom night . They bring Noah along to help him out of his depression , who becomes intoxicated and encounters Stifler 's mother Jeanine for the first time . Kevin confronts Vicky about the night before , but she discloses it was not sexual and is upset that he would assume such a thing . Mia takes ecstasy while Ron humiliates Oz by showing a DVD of his loss as a contestant on Celebrity Dance - Off . When Heather goes to comfort Oz , they attempt to rekindle their previous relationship , but are interrupted by Mia , who gets in a fight with Heather . Jim and Michelle decide to role play , but Jim is confronted by Kara trying again to seduce him , followed by hostile A.J. and his friends . The adults and the teens have a lengthy fight on the front lawn , which is disrupted by police officers , who arrest Finch for stealing a motorcycle . Stifler finds Finch 's arrest amusing while the others sympathize with Finch , and fed up with Stifler 's rudeness , the guys proceed to tell him off . Stifler , in response , cites how they never contact him and failed to tell him they were in town . They admit they did not because they did not want him to ruin things like he always does . Hurt and offended , Stifler ends the party . Mia leaves Oz , Stifler decides to skip the reunion for work , and Michelle goes to her grandmother 's . When Jim tells his father about their lack of sex , he is told they need to make time for each other . At the reunion , Finch admits that he is an assistant manager at Staples and stole the motorcycle from his boss when he did not receive a raise that was promised . The boys go to Stifler 's job , where they apologize to him and admit that although he may be obnoxious , he is their friend , and without him , high school would not have been fun or worthwhile . Stifler regains his confidence and quits his job - but not before standing up to his antagonistic boss - and attends the reunion . Kevin reconciles with Vicky who then meets a new guy at the reunion , Adam , Finch makes amends with Selena for his lies and the two proceed to not only begin a romantic relationship , but have sex in the bathroom ( though Finch initially objected to it , still remembering the laxative incident from the [ [ American Pie , Oz reunites with Heather , and Jim reconciles with Michelle . Stifler is asked to be a party planner for a wedding for his former lacrosse mates and meets Finch 's mother Rachel who proceeds to have sex with him on the lacrosse field . As this goes on , John is reunited with his estranged buddy , Justin and together they look on and chant their signature word ' MILF ' over and over again . The next morning , the friends gather at Dog Years , where Jim encounters Kara and both apologize for their behavior . Oz plans to stay in town with Heather , Finch plans a trip with Selena to Europe , Stifler drops subtle hints about sleeping with Rachel but no one catches on . Jim initiates a pact for them to try and get together once a year to catch up . They all agree and make a toast as the franchise 's theme song " Laid " plays .
Murdock positive Philo ; Philo negative Lynn ; Clyde negative Philo ; Orville negative Philo ; Orville negative Murdock ; Orville neutral Clyde <$> Philo Beddoe is a truck driver living in the San Fernando Valley . He lives in a small house , with an orangutan named Clyde , behind that of his friend Orville Boggs and his mother . Philo makes money on the side as a bare - knuckle fighter ; he is often compared to a legendary fighter named Tank Murdock . One night Philo becomes smitten with Lynn Halsey - Taylor , an aspiring country music singer he meets at the Palomino Club , a local honky - tonk . His relationship with her seems to be going well until one day she and her camper disappear from the trailer park . Believing that he is falling for her , Philo decides to set off for Lynn 's home in Denver , Colorado . Along the way , he has a run - in with a motorcycle gang called " The Black Widows " , who incur Philo 's wrath after two gang members insult him and Clyde at a traffic light . Philo chases them down and takes their bikes , and every attempt they make to get even results in disaster . Philo also incurs the wrath of a local sheriff , with whom he gets into a fight at the Palomino . Both the sheriff and the Widows learn of Philo 's trip to Colorado and head off to find him . Orville and Clyde accompany Philo to Denver , and on the way , they meet a woman named Echo who becomes Orville 's girlfriend . They earn money along the way by booking fights for Philo . After a fight in a slaughterhouse , the man holding the money tries to stiff Philo . Echo fires two shots from a .38 , and the man hands over the money . Knowing that Philo has come to look for her , Lynn helps the Black Widows lure him into a trap . Philo sees Lynn and attempts to talk to her , but finds himself surrounded by the Widows . He manages to fight most of them until Orville intervenes . Using a garbage truck with a dumpster hoist , he dumps all the motorcycles into the back of the truck . The Widows charge the garbage truck , but Orville gets away . Philo , Echo , and Orville then escape . Philo finally finds Lynn and she reveals her true nature to him . Hurt by her callousness , Philo says that he is the only one dumb enough to want to take her further than her bed . Lynn erupts in a fit of rage , striking him repeatedly until she collapses in tears . Orville learns that Tank Murdock , based in the area , is ready to retire after one more fight . Orville makes the arrangements , and Philo faces his elderly nemesis . During the fight , the crowd , initially pro-Murdock , begins to insult him , with some murmurs that Philo is going to be the next Murdock . Philo lets his guard down , intentionally giving Murdock a clear shot , knocking Philo down for the count . Murdock , having regained the crowd 's esteem , is allowed to retire undefeated . Clyde , Orville and Echo head home the next day .
Briony negative Cecilia ; Cecilia negative Robbie ; Briony negative Robbie ; Briony negative Lola <$> In 1935 , Briony Tallis , a 13 - year - old girl from a wealthy English family , has just finished writing a play . As Briony attempts to stage the play with her cousins , they get bored and decide to go swimming . Briony stays behind and witnesses a significant moment of sexual tension between her older sister , Cecilia , and Robbie Turner , a servant 's son , a man that Briony has a childish crush on . Robbie returns home and writes several drafts of letters to Cecilia , including one that is explicit and erotically charged . He does not , however , intend to send it and sets it aside . On his way to join the Tallis family celebration , Robbie asks Briony to deliver his letter , only to later realise that he has mistakenly given her the prurient draft . Briony secretly reads the letter and is simultaneously disgusted and jealous . That evening , Cecilia and Robbie meet in the library , where they finally declare their love for one another and make love . During the act , Briony watches through the partially open door and her confused emotions about Robbie become heightened . At dinner it is revealed that the twin cousins have run away . Briony goes off alone into the woods looking for them and stumbles upon a man running away from apparently raping her teenage cousin Lola . Lola claims that she does not know the identity of her attacker , but in a fit of pique the still - wounded Briony tells everyone , including the police , that she saw Robbie commit the act . She shows Robbie 's shocking letter to her mother . Everyone believes her story except for Cecilia . Robbie is arrested and sent to prison . Four years later , Robbie is released from prison on condition that he joins the army . He is assigned to A Company , 1st Battalion , Royal Sussex Regiment . He is reunited with Cecilia in London , where they renew their love before he is shipped off to the French front . Briony , now 18 , has joined Cecilia 's old nursing corps at St. Thomas 's in London because she wants to be of some practical use to society and has given up an offer she received from Cambridge . Her attempts at contacting her sister go unanswered , as Cecilia blames her for Robbie 's imprisonment . Later , Robbie , wounded and very ill , finally arrives at the beaches of Dunkirk , where he waits to be evacuated . Briony , now fully understanding the impact of her accusation , later visits the now - married Cecilia and Robbie to apologise to them directly . Cecilia coldly replies that she will never forgive her . Robbie , in a rage that almost becomes physical , confronts Briony and demands that she immediately tell her family and the authorities the truth . Briony admits that the rapist was actually family friend Paul Marshall , but that he can not be implicated in a court of law because he has married Lola . Decades later , an elderly Briony reveals in an interview that she is dying of vascular dementia , and that her novel , Atonement , which she has been working on for most of her adult life , will be her last . Briony reveals that the book 's ending where she apologised to Cecilia and Robbie is fictional . Cecilia and Robbie never saw each other again once he left for war . In reality , Robbie actually died at Dunkirk of septicemia while awaiting evacuation , and Cecilia died a few months later as one of the flood victims in the Balham tube station bombing during The Blitz . Briony hopes that , by reuniting them in fiction , she can give them the happy conclusion to their lives that they had always deserved . The last scene of the movie has Cecilia and Robbie once again together in what could be afterlife or a fictional plane of existence .
Elmer negative Daffy <$> Elmer Fudd is hunting ducks with his dog Laramore . After missing Daffy several times and leaving a duck - shaped hole in the clouds after each shotgun blast , Elmer manages to graze Daffy with a load of buckshot , merely blowing off his tail - feathers and causing him to fall . After Laramore retrieves Daffy and brings him to Elmer , Elmer apologizes for shooting him , saying that he is " a gweat spoowtsman . " Daffy retorts that Elmer would n't be so tough without his hunting equipment , and challenges Elmer to a " fair " fight . Elmer is unaware that he is led to a boxing ring surrounded by many duck spectators . The burly referee of the fight is also a duck . The odds are clearly against Elmer since the referee laughs while announcing his name followed by boos from the crowd , with only Laramore cheering from a separate stand , for which he is knocked down by brickbats thrown at him by the duck spectators . The referee also refers to Daffy as Daffy " Good to His Mother " Duck . Before the match starts , the referee exhorts the two opponents to " fight clean " , winking to the audience , who collectively shout , " Oh , brother ! " , and calls for " no rough stuff -- none of THIS ! Or THIS ! Or like SO ! " , each time demonstrating an illegal move on Elmer and knocking him silly . Daffy , in turn , picks up where the referee left off , asking , " You mean none of THIS ? Or THIS ? " , manhandling Elmer similarly every time . Daffy clobbers Elmer with a hammer as the bell is rung . Elmer falls to the mat and the referee provides a quick ten - count . He declares Daffy the winner and new champion . Perplexed , Elmer protests , " I 'm not the one to compwain , Mr. Wefewee , but I thought you said no wough stuff ! none of THIS ! Or THIS ! Or wike SO ! " , giving it back to both the referee and Daffy in extreme exasperation .
Clifford negative Duncan ; Duncan negative Tracy ; Jill neutral Stephen ; Jill positive Sharon ; Jill neutral Duncan ; Jill negative Clifford <$> Jill Johnson is babysitting the children of a doctor at their home . When the children are asleep , Jill receives a telephone call from a man who asks her if she has checked the children . At first , Jill dismisses the telephone calls as a practical joke ; however , as the calls become more frequent and threatening , Jill becomes frightened and telephones the police , who promise that they would trace the call if Jill would keep him on the telephone line long enough . Jill , frightened to extreme measures , arms herself as she receives one final telephone call from the nefarious caller . Soon after her conversation with him , Jill receives a call from the police , only to find out that the stalker is calling from inside the house . The suspense of this part of the movie climaxes when a light turns on at the top of the staircase , which allows Jill to see the shadow of the stalker . Jill immediately runs to the front door to scream for help . Officer John Clifford is then shown at the police investigation . At this point , the viewer learns that the children had been murdered by the perp several hours earlier . Also , the murderer is identified ; he is an English merchant seaman named Curt Duncan , and is subsequently sent to an asylum . Seven years later , Duncan escapes from the asylum , still psychopathic . Dr. Mandrakis hires ex-cop Clifford , now a private investigator , to find Duncan . Still not knowing Clifford is after him , Duncan is now a homeless , vagrant loner . He gets into a fight and is beaten after disturbing a middle - aged woman , Tracy , in a tavern , and later follows her to her apartment . Feeling sorry for his disastrous appearance and for the fact that his attempts at a conversation with her started the fight in the first place , Tracy makes light conversation with him . While they are in the doorway talking , Tracy 's phone rings forcing her to excuse herself so she can go answer it . While she is on the phone , Duncan lets himself into her apartment . Tracy does n't tell him to leave her place right away nor explicitly rebuffs his awkward proposal to visit her for coffee the next night , assuming or hoping it will be the last of him she will see . Meanwhile an increasingly obsessed and vindictive Clifford , having confided to a former partner that his intention is to kill Duncan rather than arrest him , follows Duncan 's trail right to the tavern where the fight took place , and from there to Tracy 's residence — - precisely the same night in which Duncan is likely to arrive for his visit . Clifford goes there and tells her just how dangerous her situation has become . He also tells her that Duncan literally tore and hacked up Mandrakis ' children with his bare hands , rendering them virtually unrecognizable , which explains why he was found smeared with blood by the police ; this , along with some eerie flashbacks experienced by Duncan later in the movie , is one of the few moments where the carnage at the Mandrakis household is described . Upon hearing this , Tracy reluctantly accepts to be Clifford 's bait at the tavern that evening , although Duncan does n't arrive and she finally decides to return home . Clifford then leaves Tracy 's place ; Duncan , who was hiding in Tracy 's closet , pushes her to the wall and briefly muffles her cries for help . When he frees her , her horrified shrieks alert Clifford , force the intruder to flee the scene and mark the start of a cat - and - mouse chase through the streets of downtown Los Angeles , during which Clifford is outrun during at least two occasions and finally loses Duncan 's track . Jill Johnson is now an adult , married with two young children . One night , Jill and her husband Stephen go out to dinner in celebration of a promotion . A friend named Sharon babysits her children . She references that she saw Jill in the newspaper . Curt Duncan happens to find the same newspaper in the city , and begins to look for Jill once again . While the couple is out , Jill gets a telephone call at the restaurant . She answers , and gets another " Have you checked the children ... ? " Jill panics and calls Sharon . She says nothing is wrong . The police arrive and escort Jill back home . John Clifford tries to telephone Jill , but gets no signal . Jill and Stephen sleep . Later , Jill goes down for a glass of milk , when the lights go out . She goes back upstairs and gets in bed once again . The closet door opens a little , and she hears the voice of Curt Duncan . She tries to awaken Stephen , who turns around , revealing that Curt is actually in the bed . He rips Jill 's nightgown and chases her around the room . Clifford arrives , and kills Curt , shooting him twice . Stephen is revealed to be in the closet , alive but seemingly unconscious . As Clifford comforts Jill , the last view is of the house , in view of the frightening eyes of Curt Duncan .
Hrothgar negative Beowulf ; Hrothgar negative Grendel ; Beowulf negative Grendel <$> Hrothgar , king of Daneland , and a group of mounted and helmeted warriors chase a large and burly man , whom they consider a monstrous troll , and his young son across a large open field until father and son find themselves on the edge of deep cliff overlooking a beach and a large sea . The father directs his young son , Grendel , to climb down and hide from the attackers ' view . The Danes shoot the father dead with their arrows and his dead body plunges down onto the beach far below . The Danish king walks towards the cliff edge and sees the young Grendel hanging but chooses to spare him . Later , Grendel is on the beach below and finds his father 's body . After failing to move the large and heavy corpse , the boy takes a sword and cuts the head off to take it home . Many years later , the severed head is inside a cave where the boy Grendel has grown up to be as large and burly as his father . Grendel bloodies his own forehead with stones to express his vengeful anger towards the Danes and the beginning of his own murderous campaign of revenge . When Hrothgar finds twenty of his warriors killed inside his great hall , the Danish king falls into a depression . Beowulf , with the permission of Hygelac , king of Geatland , sails to Daneland with thirteen Geats on a mission to slay Grendel for Hrothgar . The arrival of Beowulf and his warriors is welcomed by Hrothgar , but the king 's village has fallen into a deep despair and many of the pagan villagers convert to Christianity at the urging of an Irish monk . While Grendel does go into Hrothgar 's village during the night , he flees rather than fight . Beowulf learns more about Grendel from Selma the witch and seer , who tells Beowulf that Grendel will not fight him because Beowulf has committed no wrong against him . A villager , recently baptized and thus now unafraid of death , leads Beowulf and his men to the cliff above Grendel 's cave , but without a rope they are afraid to die descending to the cave itself , and turn back without even seeing the cave . When that villager is found broken and dead , Beowulf and his men return with a rope and gain entry to Grendel 's secret cave . Grendel being absent , one of Beowulf 's vengeful men mutilates the mummified head and shrine of Grendel 's slain father . That night , Grendel attacks Beowulf and his men while they sleep in Hrothgar 's great hall , killing the Geat who desecrated his father 's head and then , revenge satisfied , leaps out from the second story , but is caught in a trap by Beowulf , leaving Grendel hanging by his right arm . Grendel , refusing capture , escapes by hacking off his own arm . Grendel , bleeding severely , manages to reach the same beach where he had once found his father 's slain corpse and wades into the water , where he dies , his body claimed by a mysterious webbed hand . Hrothgar admits to Beowulf that he had killed Grendel 's father for stealing a fish but had spared the child - troll Grendel out of pity . There is great celebration in the hall of Hrothgar , and the king 's mood has been livened up by the defeat of Grendel , whose severed arm is kept by the Danes as a trophy . In revealing more about Grendel 's nature , Selma recounts how Grendel had once visited her hut and clumsily raped her and has protected her since that day , troubling Beowulf all the more . Yet that does not stop him from moving forward to kiss Selma , who deftly slaps him for tying her up earlier in the film , which he did in an attempt to get her to lead him to Grendel . Nevertheless , she then pulls his head forward and kisses him , quickly initiating and taking the lead in their lovemaking as she straddles him down on her bed . The Danes are later attacked by Grendel 's mother , the Sea Hag . Beowulf finds her lair , where she placed Grendel 's dead body along with a pile of treasure , and slays Grendel 's mother with a sword from this pile . Beowulf realizes the battle has been watched by a strange young boy with red hair , who is Grendel and Selma 's child . Beowulf , with Grendel 's son watching from the shelter of the rocks , buries Grendel and builds him a marker , honouring him . Shortly thereafter , Beowulf and his band of Geats leave Daneland by ship but not before warning Selma that she must continue to hide her son , lest the Danes hunt him down as they did his father .
Al negative Peggy ; Pencil positive Peggy ; Newt positive Peggy ; Valentine negative Peggy ; Peggy negative SPCA <$> Shannon stars as Peggy , a forty - something administrative assistant whose social and love life are slim to nil . Her most intimate bond is with her dog , Pencil . One morning Pencil refuses to come in after being let out to do his business , and a half - awake Peggy lets him stay outside overnight . The next morning she finds him in the yard of her neighbor Al whimpering in pain . She takes him to a vet but it is too late ; Pencil dies of toxic poisoning . The people in her life react with sympathy but mostly make her feel guilty for her grief . Best friend Layla tells Peggy her relationship with Pencil had held her back from finding romance . Her emotionally sterile sister - in - law and brother Pier ( [ [ Thomas McCarthy are too self - absorbed to sense how deeply hurt Peggy is . Peggy 's neighbor , Al , asks Peggy on a date . It starts out well until Al reveals that he lost his own pet dog by accidentally shooting it in a hunting accident . When the two return to his home he shows off his knife collection and hunting trophies . He is oblivious to Peggy 's distaste for this . She asks to see his garage , suspicious that something inside poisoned Pencil . Al makes a pass which she rejects in disgust . Peggy gets a call from Newt , a volunteer at the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals who was present when Pencil died . He tells Peggy he has a new dog she may like to adopt : Valentine , a King Shepherd with behavioral problems . Newt agrees to help train Valentine , and he and Peggy begin to spend a lot of time together . Through Newt , Peggy is exposed to veganism and to animal rights information . She becomes a vegan and begins helping Newt to adopt out various animals slated for euthanasia . Chastised by her boss Robin for her commitment , she retaliates by donating to various animal - related charities from his checkbook . Peggy and Newt share a kiss , Newt declining to go any further , which she mistakes for chivalry . She confesses she has fallen in love ; Newt reveals that he is celibate , implying he is asexual . Peggy reacts badly , shutting out Newt and instead focusing on her new relationship with Valentine . Valentine 's sporadically violent behavior worsens without Newt 's instruction ; he bites Peggy 's hand . The dog also continually barks , causing Al to complain . Peggy responds rudely , insinuating that it is her revenge because she thinks something in his garage must have poisoned Pencil . Peggy 's interest in animal rights deepens , particularly the causes to stop animal testing and of farm communities for animals who were previously meant to die . Her new belief system is looked at flippantly by her brother and sister - in - law ; when she announces she is a vegan , he responds : " It will be interesting to see how long this lasts . " On New Year 's Eve weekend Peggy agrees to babysit her brother 's children . She leaves Valentine in the care of Newt . She takes her young niece Lissie and nephew Benji to a farm for rescued animals to introduce them to an " adopted " chicken she got them for Christmas . Intensely moved by the experience , Peggy has a mini-breakdown in the car . She wants to show them a slaughterhouse , but the children freak out . Peggy gets drunk and discovers a rack of furs in her sister - in - law 's closet . She tries them on in a bathroom and ultimately passes out drunk . Furs she left in the bathtub are ruined from the faucet 's drip . She goes to Newt 's to pick up Valentine and finds him weeping . Valentine killed a crippled dog named Buttons , and Newt sent Valentine to be put down because he knew Peggy did not have the fortitude to do so . She rushes to the dog pound but is too late ; Valentine has been dead for two hours . Peggy suffers a mental break and adopts 15 dogs slated to die ; she lies , saying she works with the SPCA and intends to find them all homes . Peggy at work is confronted by her boss . He has discovered the fraudulent checks and she is fired . Peggy 's life falls apart . She barely leaves her home , which is practically destroyed by her new pets . Al complains , saying if she does not find a way to control them he will . While she is out , Newt visits , confiscates the dogs and leaves a warning notice from the SPCA . Peggy erroneously blames Al . She sneaks into Al 's house and finds molluscicide with a hole chewed into the corner , confirming her suspicions about Pencil 's death . Zombie - like , she drags the bag through the house , leaking poison pellets everywhere . She takes one of Al 's hunting knives and hides . When Al and a girlfriend return home , Peggy attacks with the knife . Al wrestles it away from her and calls the police . Peggy 's brother and sister - in - law try to help . They say Peggy 's boss has decided if she pays back everything and goes to counselling he will rehire her . They ask why Peggy attacked Al . She says she wanted him to know what it felt like to be hunted . Peggy returns to work and is greeted warmly . But soon an internet search leads her to information about an upcoming animal rights protest . She sends an email to her coworkers , boss , Newt , brother and sister - in - law . She must follow her soul . She abandons her former life and heads off to the protest , content that this is her greater reason for living .
Langdon positive Elizabeth ; Langdon negative his ; Langdon negative Marriner ; Langdon negative Rogers ; Rogers neutral his <$> The film opens in the year 1759 with the arrival of Langdon Towne ( [ [ Robert Young in Portsmouth , New Hampshire . The son of a cordage - maker and ship rigger , he returns from Harvard University after being expelled for complaining about college food and drawing an unflattering picture of the President of Harvard College . Though disappointed , Langdon 's family greets him with love , as does Elizabeth Browne , the daughter of a noted clergyman . Elizabeth 's father is less welcoming , however , and denigrates Langdon 's aspirations to becoming a painter . That evening , while drinking in the local tavern with friend Sam Livermore , Langdon makes indiscreet remarks disparaging Wiseman Clagett , the king 's attorney , and the Indian agent , Sir William Johnson , unaware that Clagett is sitting in the next room with another official . Facing arrest for his comments , Langdon fights the two men with the help of " Hunk " Marriner , a local woodsman and friend , before they both escape into the woods . As they flee westward , Langdon and Marriner stop in a backwoods tavern for something to drink . There they meet a man in a green uniform who treats them to a drink called " Flip " which is similar to hot buttered rum , after they help him with a drunk American Indian . After a night of drinking , the two men wake up at Fort Crown Point , where they are told that the man they had met was Major Rogers , the commander of Rogers ' Rangers . Needing Langdon 's mapmaking skills , Rogers recruits the two men for his latest expedition , one to destroy the hostile Abenakis tribe and their town of St. Francis far to the north . Setting out at dusk , Rogers ' force rows north using whale boats on Lake Champlain . Traveling by night , they successfully evade river patrols by French forces but are forced to send several soldiers back to the fort after a confrontation with Mohawk scouts who were dismissed by Rogers . During the confrontation , a powder keg explodes which injures some of his force . However , Rogers not only sends back the injured to Crown Point , but the disloyal Mohawks provided him by Sir William Johnson , and a number of his men who did n't obey orders to avoid a confrontation with the Mohawks . Although his force is depleted , the rangers move onto their objective . Concealing their boats for a much later return , the force marches northward through swampland , avoiding dry land wherever possible to conceal their movements . When informed by his Stockbridge Indian scouts left to watch over the boats that the French have captured their boats and extra supplies , Rogers revises his plan and sends an injured officer back to Fort Crown Point requesting the British to send supplies to old Fort Wentworth , where the returning rangers will meet them . After making a human chain to cross an unbridged river , the rangers reach St. Francis . The force succeeds in their attack , setting fire to the dwellings and cutting the Abenakis off from retreat . When the battle is over , however , the rangers find only a few baskets of parched corn with which to replenish their dwindling provisions . Worse , as Marriner is searching the destroyed village , he comes across a prostrate Langdon suffering from a bullet wound in his abdomen . Facing hostile forces and a long march with only meager supplies , the rangers set out on their course to Wentworth , trying to evade the French and Indians pursuing them . Their initial objective is Lake Memphremagog , with the injured Langdon bringing up the rear . Ten days later , Rogers ' men reach the hills just above Lake Memphremagog , where they hope to find food by stopping to hunt and fish . Encountering signs of French activity , Rogers prefers to press on to Fort Wentworth a hundred miles distant , but the men vote to split up into four parties and fan out in search of game to eat . Game proves scare , though ; worse , two of the detachments are ambushed by the French and most of the men killed . After persevering through harsh conditions , Rogers and the remaining fifty men finally reach the fort , only to find it unoccupied and in a state of disrepair . The hoped - for British relief column has not arrived . Though personally despairing , Rogers attempts to rally the men , who are on the verge of collapse . As Rogers attempts to perk up their flagging spirits with a prayer , they hear the fifes and drums of approaching British boats with the supplies . Reporting that the Abenakis are destroyed , the British do Rogers ' men the honor of presenting their firearms and shouting " Huzzah " . After returning to Portsmouth , Langdon reunites with Elizabeth while Rogers ' Rangers are given a new mission : to find the Northwest Passage . Roger 's fires them up with a brief speech telling them of all the wonders they will see while they march towards the first point of embarkation , a little fort called " Detroit . " He passes by Langdon and Elizabeth to say goodbye where Elizabeth informs him that she and Langdon are headed for London where she is hopeful he will learn to become a great painter . Rogers bids them farewell and marches down the road and off into the sunset .
Bhanu positive Chandra ; Chandra neutral Veerendra ; Sooraj negative Bharti ; Samar negative Veerendra ; Samar neutral Sarah ; Samar positive Indu ; Indu positive Prithvi ; Samar negative Prithvi <$> The film begins with a quick flashback into the life of Bharti Rai , the daughter of Chief Minister Ramnath Rai . Influenced by leftist ideology , she rebels against her father and joins the rival party of leftist leader Bhaskar Sanyal . Bharti develops an illicit relationship with Bhaskar , who , guilt - ridden over taking advantage of the younger woman , leaves for parts unknown , having unwittingly gotten Bharti pregnant . Upon the child 's birth , he is abandoned in a boat by Brij Gopal , Bharti 's brother . Bharti later marries Chandra Pratap , the younger brother of Bhanu Pratap . Bhanu leads the Rashtrawadi political party . The story then shifts to present , where , the government in the state collapses and Bhanu suffers a stroke . In the hospital , he hands over power to his brother Chandra . Chandra 's son , Prithviraj Pratap tries to take advantage of his father 's power and starts to impose his own decisions on the party , which results in a clash with Veerendra Pratap . Chandra also starts to take side with his son , sidelining Veerendra . When Prithvi rejects the nomination of a local leader , Sooraj Kumar , who is chosen by the common people , Veerendra gives his support to Sooraj . Unknown to all , Sooraj is Bharti 's abandoned son , who was found and raised by Pratap family 's driver . When Chandra and Prithvi try to kick Veerendra out of his own father 's party , he asks Sooraj for help . Sooraj ends up assassinating Chandra in his car , while he is returning from the airport after seeing off his younger son , Samar Pratap . In an ensuing drama , Prithvi is arrested by police under the influence of Veerendra and put on trial for a true case of raping a woman party worker . Samar comes to the rescue and tricks Veerendra into dropping all charges upon his brother , promising that his brother will resign and that he will move with his family to the U.S. . However , Samar does not keep his promise and he , along with Prithvi , begins rallying public support . After Bhanu officially expels Prithvi , the latter splits from the Rashtrawadi party and contests elections under " Jana Shakti party " , a new party with Gopal as his mentor and Samar as the executive . Meanwhile Samar 's American girlfriend Sarah ( [ [ Sarah Thompson arrives in India to see the situation . To raise funds for the new party , Samar shrewdly ensures Prithvi 's marriage to their childhood friend Indu , the daughter of a powerful businessman . Indu had always loved Samar , however , Samar only thought of Indu as a friend and loved Sarah . The film gets murkier with both sides trying every trick to ensure their victory in upcoming elections . Allegations and counter-allegations are made . Subsequently , Samar uncovers that the real murderers of his father are Sooraj and Veerendra , and decides to take revenge . On the other hand , Prithvi executes the former police officer , who had arrested him , and the woman worker at a farmhouse . Veerendra again seeks help from Sooraj and Sooraj makes a plan to assassinate Samar , being aware that Samar was behind all the tricks . Amidst of all the events , Indu realizes her love for Prithvi and Prithvi accepts her love in return . Also , Sarah is revealed to be pregnant with Samar 's child and Samar promises Sarah that he will go to America with her and leave politics . A car bomb is planted in Samar 's car . Prithvi goes to save Samar and Sarah , who were to be dropped off at the airport in that car . He manages to save Samar but gets killed while trying to save Sarah in vain . Devastated by the loss of his brother and girlfriend , Samar decides to retaliate . He suggests Indu to take the reins of the party and arranges the election campaign single - handedly . Meanwhile , Sooraj is revealed to be the first child of Bharti , who implores him to join his younger brother Samar . Sooraj refuses to part ways with Veerendra and asks his mother to leave . Exit polls predict a victory for Indu 's Party and on the counting day , Samar lures Veerendra and Sooraj to an unused factory by spreading a rumor about electronic voting machine being hacked . Veerendra and Sooraj fall in the trap and Veerendra gets shot by Samar and his men . Sooraj requests Samar to leave him and Veerendra till they reach the hospital , but Veerendra dies on the way . Gopal prompts Samar to shoot Sooraj who questions the morality of the act , but Gopal convinces him to take the revenge . Samar shoots Sooraj and takes the revenge for the destruction of his family . Later the election results are declared , and Indu emerges with majority and is made Chief Minister . Samar is seen asking forgiveness and is seen attempting reconciliation with Indu . Explaining his decision to return to America , he reflects that he always wanted to stay away from politics as politics is a game that brings out the " inner devil " . Indu is also revealed to be pregnant with Prithvi 's child , while Samar leaves India to look after Sarah 's mother and settle there .
Denethor negative Gandalf ; Arwen neutral Elrond ; Legolas negative Gimli ; Éowyn negative Théoden ; Sauron negative Minas ; Frodo negative Sam ; Sauron neutral Frodo <$> Gandalf , Aragorn , Legolas , Gimli , Théoden , Gamling , and Éomer meet up with Merry , Pippin and Treebeard at Isengard . The group returns to Edoras , where Pippin looks into Saruman 's recovered palantír , in which Sauron appears and invades his mind ; Pippin tells him nothing regarding Frodo and the Ring . From this event , Gandalf deduces that Sauron is planning to attack Minas Tirith . Gandalf rides with Pippin to find Denethor , the Steward of Gondor , to whom Pippin swears his service . Gandalf urges Denethor to call Rohan for aid , but Denethor declines , fearing Aragorn and Gandalf plan to depose him . The Morgul army , led by the Nazgûl , drives the Gondorians out of Osgiliath . Denethor sends his son Faramir on a suicide mission to reclaim the city . Pippin lights a beacon , signaling Théoden and Aragorn to assemble the Rohirrim for battle . Elrond informs Aragorn that Arwen did not go to the Undying Lands , and is now dying . Believing their forces to be outnumbered by Sauron 's , Elrond gives Aragorn the sword Andúril to acquire the service of the Army of the Dead , who owe allegiance to the heir of Isildur . Éowyn confesses her love for Aragorn and asks him not to go , but Aragorn reaffirms his love for Arwen and heads into battle . Accompanied by Legolas and Gimli , Aragorn ventures into the Paths of the Dead and gains the loyalty of the King of the Dead and his men by brandishing Andúril , proving himself the Heir of Isildur . At Dunharrow , Théoden rides off to war , unaware that Éowyn and Merry have secretly joined his forces . Sauron 's armies lay siege to Minas Tirith , led by the Witch - king . Believing a grievously wounded Faramir to be dead , Denethor tries to burn his son and himself alive , but Gandalf intervenes ; he saves Faramir , but Denethor commits suicide . Just as the Gondorians are about to be overrun , the Rohirrim army arrives and counter-attacks in a massive cavalry charge led by Théoden . This shifts the tide of the battle , and the Orcs begin to retreat . However , the Haradrim arrive and join the Orc army , turning the tide . The Witch - king kills Théoden , only to be killed himself by Éowyn with help from Merry . On the verge of defeat , the Rohirrim are saved when Aragorn , Legolas , and Gimli arrive with the Army of the Dead and overwhelm Sauron 's forces , ending the battle . Aragorn frees the Army of the Dead and their souls go to the afterlife . Meanwhile , Frodo , Sam and Gollum travel to Minas Morgul . Sam overhears Gollum 's plans to murder them and take the Ring for himself . Gollum persuades Frodo that Sam wants the Ring for himself , and Frodo angrily tells Sam to go home . A heartbroken Sam leaves , but discovers Gollum 's treachery and follows after them . Gollum betrays Frodo , leaving him in the lair of the giant spider Shelob , who paralyzes Frodo before being wounded and driven away by Sam . An Orc patrol captures Frodo and takes him to Sauron 's fortress . Sam rescues Frodo from the tower , and they continue the journey to Mount Doom . Meanwhile , Aragorn leads his remaining men to the Black Gate of Mordor , distracting Sauron and his forces and allowing Sam and Frodo to enter Mount Doom . Sam carries the weakened Frodo up the volcano , but Gollum attacks them . At the Crack of Doom , Frodo succumbs to the Ring 's power , refusing to destroy it . Gollum attacks Frodo and bites his finger off , seizing the Ring for himself . An enraged Frodo attacks Gollum , and they both fall over the edge . At the last second , Frodo grabs onto the ledge , leaving Gollum to fall into the lava , taking the Ring with him . As the Ring melts in the volcano , Sauron is destroyed and the land of Mordor collapses , taking down most of his forces . Frodo and Sam are saved from the rising lava by Eagles , led by Gandalf . In the aftermath , Aragorn is crowned King , heralding a new age of peace , and is reunited with Arwen and the four hobbits are bowed by all of Gondor for their courageous efforts . The four Hobbits return home to the Shire , where Sam marries his childhood sweetheart , Rosie Cotton . A few years later , Frodo leaves Middle - earth for the Undying Lands with Gandalf , Bilbo , Elrond , Celeborn , and Galadriel , leaving his account of their quest to Sam .
Edith negative Abby ; Edith neutral Ted ; Ted neutral Abby ; Amy positive Linda <$> An elderly couple , Edith and Abby sit in a cinema watching a lesbian - themed film The Children 's Hour . A couple walks out of the theater in disgust at the film , and a group of kids laugh when they see Edith and Abby holding hands . Later at the home they have shared for 30 years , Abby falls from a ladder . At the hospital , doctors tell Edith that Abby may have suffered a stroke . Edith spends the night in the waiting room and in the morning she learns that Abby died during the night , and none of the hospital workers informed her after it had happened . Edith telephones Abby 's nephew , Ted , to tell him the news . Before Ted and his family come for the funeral , Edith removes all traces that they were a couple . She makes it look like they had separate bedrooms and removes photographs of the two of them together . At the house afterwards , Ted and Edith talk about the fact that the house was in Abby 's name . Although Edith contributed equally to the mortgage , she legally owns no part of it . As Alice packs up Abby 's belongings , Ted tells Edith that he would consider letting Edith staying in the house and paying him rent . Edith tells him that Abby would have wanted her to stay in the house , as that was what they always talked about . Ted eventually tells her that it would be better if he sells the house and she finds a place of her own although he says that he 'll wait till she finds a new place before putting the house on the market . The family leaves , with Ted telling Edith that he will be in touch in a couple of weeks to discuss what she is going to do . Linda ( [ [ Michelle Williams , a young student , now shares the house with three friends , all lesbians . They face conflict with the feminist group they are part of when the other women do not want to include lesbian issues despite the fact that Linda and her friends helped to found the group and fought for free contraception on campus with their straight friends . At a lesbian bar they have not been to before , they are surprised and disappointed to see women apparently fulfilling traditional butch and femme roles . They laugh at Amy , a young butch woman who is wearing a tie . Amy asks Linda to dance but she refuses while her friends are still there . The others soon leave and Linda stays behind and dances with Amy . Later , Amy gives Linda a ride home on her motorcycle and they kiss . Linda invites Amy to return the next day . The next day Linda and the others are arguing with a woman from the feminist group when Amy arrives . Linda is embarrassed and is short with Amy who quickly leaves . Linda 's friends tease her about Amy and question how they can be taken seriously as feminists if they associate with people like Amy . They can not understand why a woman would dress like a man when they have fought so hard to escape such stereotypical roles . Linda goes to Amy 's house and apologizes . They sleep together . The next morning Linda sees a picture of Amy as a child , dressed like a boy . She asks Amy if Amy is supposed to be the man and Linda the woman . Amy says no and accuses Linda of being afraid that people will know what she is if she is seen with Amy . Amy goes to Linda 's house for dinner . Linda urges her friends to give Amy a chance but an awkward evening deteriorates when Linda 's friends laugh at Amy and try to make her change her clothes . Amy leaves , upset . Linda follows her home and tells her that she was never ashamed of Amy , but only of herself . They reconcile . The house is now inhabited by Fran and Kal , a couple hoping to have a baby together . They hope to get a sperm donation from Tom and Arnold , a gay couple , but when the men are reluctant to agree to stay out of the baby 's life , the women decide not to go ahead . Later , Kal tells Fran that she does not want to know the father of the baby and they agree to use an anonymous donor . They look for donors on the internet and find a company to use . Going through endless profiles of potential donors , Kal gets upset that she herself can not get Fran pregnant . When they discover that Fran is ovulating , Kal hurries to the donor company to get the sperm . She inseminates Fran , but with no success . They share their worries for their child . They know that their baby will face discrimination but hope that their love for each other and their child will be enough . After three attempts to get pregnant , they go to a doctor to help them conceive . Shortly afterwards they discover that Fran is pregnant .
Stevie negative Susan ; Stevie negative Mo <$> Stevie is sleeping rough in London and seeks employment on a building site . Learning that he is homeless , Stevie 's new workmates Larry , Mo and Shem volunteer to find him an empty flat to squat in on a nearby housing estate . Stevie meets struggling actress and singer Susan when he finds and returns a handbag belonging to her . This chance encounter leads to a turbulent relationship . Stevie rounds up some of the men from the building site to support Susan at one of her pub gigs . The audience is initially hostile , but Larry shames them into calling Susan back for an encore , which is much better received . Susan agrees to move into Stevie 's flat , where they are happy for a time . On the building site , life continues as a series of small escapades and petty misdemeanors . Larry is vocal in his left - wing views and opposition to Margaret Thatcher and the ruling Conservative party . However , no - one shares his view that politics is important to their real - life situation . Meanwhile , the management sack men for minor misbehavior and are only superficially interested in safety . Stevie and Susan 's relationship becomes strained . Susan tends towards negative emotions associated with her lack of career success . Stevie , on the other hand , can be callous and unsympathetic . Stevie leaves to attend his mother 's funeral in Scotland . In his absence Susan starts using the heroin dealt by youths on the estate . This precipitates the end of their relationship and Susan 's sudden departure . Larry is sacked from the site after requesting safer working conditions . After jokingly making an expensive phone call on the boss ' mobile phone , Shem also gets the sack . Desmonde , a young construction worker , falls from the roof of the converted hospital and is severely injured or possibly killed . The cause of the accident is unsafe scaffolding , which the men have already warned about . Stevie and Mo return in the middle of the night and set a huge fire in the building .
Vulture negative Schultz ; Daffy negative Vulture <$> A German commander , Von Vulture , is fuming and spluttering furiously about how many American commandos have managed to slip into Germany undetected , and he gets a telegram from the " Gestinko Gestapo " , threatening him with his ' ka - rear ' if he lets ' vun ' more ' kommando ' through . Hearing an American warplane overhead , he calls in a soldier , Schultz , whom he abuses by knocking him regularly over his helmet with a mallet . Schultz and Von Vulture go outside and use a searchlight to look for Daffy , who is floating down on a parachute , whilst singing in a Cockney accent . After a quick shout of " Put out those lights ! " gets the searchlight turned off temporarily and allows him to land unseen , Daffy uses his fingers on the searchlight 's lens to make shadows of animated puppets and dancing chorus girls on the clouds to distract the Germans . When Von Vulture chases Daffy behind a curtain that says " asbestos " , Daffy makes a face similar to the stereotypical Japanese faces used in cartoons at the time , causing Von Vulture to run off frightened . Back at his bunker , Von Vulture is presented with a bomb from Daffy , ticking down . Von Vulture hands the bomb off to Schultz , who is literally blown through the roof . When Schultz falls back , Daffy stops Von Vulture from hitting Schultz over the head with a mallet , and instead hits him . Von Vulture chases Daffy to a telephone booth , where Daffy continues to make fun of Von Vulture , such as nicknaming him " Von Limburger " after the infamously foul - smelling cheese . Daffy then jumps in a plane , narrowly avoiding being shot by " a whole mess of Messerschmitts " , when he 's shot down by Von Vulture . Daffy then runs into what he believes is a tunnel where he can hide , but it turns out to be the barrel of a huge howitzer cannon , and Daffy is then shot out by Von Vulture . However , Daffy flies unharmed into Berlin , where Adolf Hitler is making a speech to his people . Daffy jumps up and whacks Hitler on the head with a mallet , causing the Führer to scream " SCHULTZ !!! " in pain .
Sally positive Linda ; Jessie neutral Adam <$> Rolling Stone reporter Adam Lawrence is sent from New York to Los Angeles to write an article about a businessman arrested for a drug dealing . During his stay in L.A. , Adam sees a chance to collect material for another story about how " Fitness clubs are the singles bars of the '80s " . He visits " The Sport Connection , " a popular gym where he meets workout instructor Jessie Wilson and asks for an interview . Because of a previous bad experience with the press when she was a competitive swimmer , Jessie declines . Adam joins the fitness club and soon coaxes other club members to tell him about the gym and its impact on their love lives . Some , such as fun - loving Linda and Sally , are all too candid about their experiences with the opposite sex . Although she does n't agree to be a part of his story , a romance does ultimately develop between Jessie and Adam , resulting in a moral dilemma ; as a journalist he has lost his objective point of view . Jessie comes to trust him . Less cynical than before , Adam makes a concerted effort to show Jessie that not all journalists are out for the cheap sensation . He writes an in - depth , fair - minded analysis of fitness clubs as a singles meeting scene . But it is deemed unacceptable by his boss , Rolling Stone 's editor in chief Mark Roth . Adam 's article is turned over to others for editing , using material supplied by colleague Frankie , a photographer . She finds Jessie 's long - ago appearance in a magazine with embarrassing details about a romance . Adam travels for another assignment and is unaware of the changes being made in his story and too late to stop it . This has devastating impact on Jessie , as well as on others like Sally and Linda , described as " the most used piece of equipment in the gym . " Adam tries to explain Jessie the whole situation but ca n't . Meanwhile , he must attend a trial at which he 's supposed to testify . As a reporter , using rights granted by the First Amendment , he decides not to comply with a judge who orders Adam to hand over tapes from the businessman 's interview . Adam is jailed for contempt of court . Jessie can see that Adam is a man of his word and believes him that he did not write the article the way it appeared in Rolling Stone .
her positive Nelson ; Chaz neutral her <$> Nelson Moss unexpectedly meets Sara Deever , a woman very different from anyone else he has ever met . His arrogance and ignorance leads to her failing her DMV test . She beguiles him and continually asks him to spend a month with her on the promise that she will change his life for the better . That night , she sleeps with him , and the next day Chaz , arrives and is able to identify Nelson as Sara 's " November " . Throughout November , the two experience happy times together and fall in love . During the month and their adventures , Nelson examines his life and past and befriends a fatherless child called Abner . Eventually , he realizes he is in love with Sara and asks her to marry him . It is revealed that Sara has terminal cancer , Non-Hodgkin lymphoma . Because she can not bear to have Nelson experience her death , she asks him to leave . Sara tells Chaz that Nelson proposed to her . Chaz says that it was n't the first time that a man had proposed , implying Sara has had numerous " months " . Sara confirms this but claims it was the first time she had wanted to say yes . She decides she will not continue the relationship to protect Nelson from getting hurt . Nelson complies , but then stages a surprise return during Thanksgiving , giving her gifts that remind her of their happy times . They stay together for one more day ; he posts November calendars all over her apartment walls , saying it can always be November for them . They make love , but the next morning , Nelson finds Sara is dressed . She asks him to leave , with all his calendars taken down . Nelson becomes confused and heartbroken . Sara asks Nelson to let her go so that he will always have happy memories of her and explains that this is how she needs to be remembered . She will return home to her family and face her last days . The movie ends with Sara blindfolding Nelson , giving him one last kiss , and then walking away . Nelson then takes off the blindfold in tears , and is later shown at a park they went to on one of their dates .
Longdale neutral Welles ; Longdale neutral Poole ; Poole negative Welles ; Mathews negative Welles ; George positive Welles <$> Private investigator Tom Welles is contacted by Daniel Longdale , attorney for wealthy widow Mrs. Christian , whose husband has recently died . While clearing out her late husband 's safe , she and Mr. Longdale find an 8 mm film which appears to depict a real murder , but Mrs. Christian wants to know for certain . After looking through missing persons files , Welles discovers the girl is Mary Ann Mathews , and visits her mother , Janet Mathews . While searching the house with her permission , he finds Mary Ann 's diary , in which she says she went to Hollywood to become a film star . He asks Mrs. Mathews if she wants to know the truth , even if it is the worst . She says that she wants to know what happened to her daughter . In Hollywood , with the help of an adult video store employee called Max California , Welles penetrates the underworld of illegal pornography . Contact with a sleazy talent scout named Eddie Poole leads them to director Dino Velvet , whose violent pornographic films star a masked man known as " Machine . " To gain more evidence , Welles pretends to be a client interested in commissioning a hardcore bondage film to be directed by Velvet and starring Machine . Velvet agrees and arranges a meeting in New York City . At the meeting , attorney Longdale appears and explains that Christian had contracted him to procure a snuff film . Longdale says that he told Velvet that Welles might come looking for them . Realizing that the snuff film was authentic , Welles knows he is at risk . Velvet and Machine produce a bound and beaten California , whom they abducted to force Welles to bring them the only surviving copy of the illegal film . Once he delivers it , they burn it and kill California . As they are about to kill Welles , he tells them that Christian had paid $ 1,000,000 for the film . Velvet , Poole , and Machine received much less and that Longdale kept the major portion . In an ensuing fight , Velvet and Longdale are both killed ; Welles wounds Machine and escapes . He calls Mrs. Christian to tell her his discoveries and recommends going to the police , to which she agrees . Arriving at her estate , Welles is told that Mrs. Christian committed suicide after hearing the news . She left envelopes for the Mathews family and Welles : it contains the rest of his payment and a note reading , " Try to forgive us . " Welles decides to seek justice for the murdered girl by killing the remaining people involved . Tracking down Poole , Welles takes him to the shooting location and tries to kill him . He calls Mrs. Mathews to tell her about her daughter and asks for her permission to punish those responsible . With that , he returns and pistol - whips Poole to death , burning his body and pornography from his car . Welles traces Machine and attacks him at home . Welles unmasks him , revealing a bald , bespectacled man named George . He says , " What did you expect ? A monster ? " George goes on to tell Welles that he has no ulterior motive for his sadistic actions ; he does them simply because he enjoys it . They struggle , and Welles kills him . After returning to his family , Welles receives a letter from Mrs. Mathews , thanking him and suggesting he and she were the only ones to care about Mary Ann .
Amparo neutral Torrente ; Amparo negative Rafi ; Rafi neutral Torrente ; Toneti negative Torrente ; El negative Torrente ; Mendoza negative Farelli ; Cayetano negative Torrente <$> José Luis Torrente is a lazy , rude , drunkard , sexist , racist , extreme - right - wing Madrid cop who lives in a decrepit apartment in a slum neighbourhood with his wheelchair bound father , whose disability checks are Torrente 's only real income . One day , a new family of neighbours which owns and operates a fish store moves into the apartment below Torrente 's and he becomes attracted to the young , nymphomaniac niece of the family , Amparo . In order to get close to her , he befriends her nerdy weapon enthusiast cousin , Rafi , by taking him to target practice and on his nightly patrol rounds through the neighbourhood . During their patrols , Torrente begins to suspect that criminal activity is occurring in the new local Chinese restaurant . His suspicions are confirmed when his father accidentally overdoses after eating a stolen food roll which was filled with packets of heroin . Torrente decides to crack the drug ring in order to regain his former status within the Police Force . Simultaneously , Torrente successfully attempts to seduce Amparo , who has sex with him after his father 's overdose . Amparo 's aunt , Reme , misreads her relationship with Torrente and believes that they are engaged . Torrente and Rafi sneak into the restaurant at night and witness El Francés , the underboss of the drug trafficking outfit run by a mobster named Mendoza , torturing and executing a delivery boy named Wang , who had lost a shipment of the heroin and they overhear that the outfit will soon be receiving a major drug shipment from a mobster known as Farelli . The pair accidentally make their presence known and flee the restaurant on Rafi 's fish delivery van while being chased by armed delivery boys . Torrente enlists the help of Rafi 's equally nerdy friends : Malaguita , a martial artist , Bombilla , an electronics expert , and Toneti , a James Bond aficionado . The crew picks up Torrente 's father from the hospital and then prepare a reconaisance mission to discover the location of the drug deal . Toneti goes to the chinese restaurant while wearing a wire but quickly blows his cover and winds up revealing Torrente 's name to El Francés before trying to escape through a window and falling to his death . El Francés and some of his goons raid Torrente 's apartment but are attacked by Torrente 's father , who wields a taser and some pliers , before the father suffers a heart attack and plummets down a flight of stairs . Nonetheless , they kidnap Amparo when she arrived to the apartment looking for Torrente . After discovering his father 's death and Amparo 's kidnapping , Torrente becomes despondent but soon after Lio - Chii , Wang 's girlfriend and a waitress at the chinese restaurant who had once waited on a drunken Torrente , arrives and reveals the location of the drug deal , claiming she wants revenge for her boyfriend 's death . Torrente , Rafi , Malaguita , Bombilla , Lio - Chii and Torrente 's friend and informant Carlitos head over to the drug deal on an old warehouse outside town . The crew plan a very complex plot to bring down the deal and take the 50,000 pesetas that Mendoza brought but the plan goes raw from the start when Bombita accidentally blows himself and Farelli up with a bomb he 'd set up as a distraction . Farelli 's men and Mendoza 's men begin shooting at each other and in the aftermath , most of the mobsters as well as Carlitos and Malaguita end up dead . Torrente guns down El Francés and ends up getting shot in the stomach himself , while Rafi goes to rescue Amparo . Rafi gets cornered by Mendoza but he 's rescued when Lio - Chii shoots him in the back . In the aftermath of the shootout , Rafi gets congratulated by police commissioner Cayetano for helping in bringing down one of the most vicious local drug rings and he begins a relationship with Lio - Chii . Torrente gets taken away on an ambulance for his wounds . Cayetano sweeps the scene and discovers that the money is gone . In the ambulance speeding away , Torrente bribes the ambulance drivers and flees to Torremolinos with the 50,000 pesetas the he managed to swipe while no one was watching .
Jorge positive Radovan ; Jorge positive Abdulkarim ; Carl positive Sophie ; Jorge neutral Sophie <$> Johan " JW " Westlund is a man living in Stockholm and is a promising student at the Stockholm School of Economics . JW is originally from the Norrland region in Sweden where his father , who has a slight drinking problem , works in a saw mill , while his mother works in a jobs agency . JW is racked by the disappearance of his sister , Camilla , four years earlier . JW feigns the appearance of a " Stekare " , actually leading a double life driving taxi illegally to finance his expensive life on Stureplan . A romance with the upper class girl Sophie leads to him being enticed into the world of organized crime . Abdulkarim , who is running the taxi business , offers JW a job in helping him start his cocaine business . Jorge Salinas Barrio is a Chilean man who went to prison after being caught in the drug business . He has now escaped and is on the run from the police . Jorge knows everything about cocaine . He has a plan : to revenge those who snitched on him , among them Yugoslavian mafia boss Radovan Kranjic , and to make one final cocaine delivery and then leave the country for good . Mrado Slovovic , a hitman who runs errands for the Yugoslavian mafia , is sent by Radovan on a mission to take care of Jorge . At the same time has to struggle with taking care of his eight - year - old daughter , who he is forced to take with him on his job because the mother has a drug addiction . These three characters cross paths through their dreams about quick earnings . Once JW and Abdulkarim have the cocaine sales going , they want to expand . Abdulkarim has heard that Jorge , who has escaped from prison by this time , has learned everything about the cocaine business while in prison . Simultaneously , Jorge has tried to blackmail Radovan , the Yugoslavian mafia boss . Mrado is tasked by Radovan to kill Jorge to prevent him from helping any of Radovan 's competitors . Meanwhile , JW is promised 20,000 SEK if he can bring Jorge back to Abdulkarim alive . After noticing Mrado following Jorge , JW tails both of them , losing sight of Jorge when he gets on a bus . JW fortuitously finds them when he notices the car he saw Mrado drive away in standing in a forest clearing . When he enters the forest , he finds Mrado and one of Radovan 's henchmen savagely beating Jorge . JW sets off the car alarm of the Serbian attackers to distract them . Meanwhile , Jorge hides from his attackers , who then travel further into the forest to find him . JW approaches a badly wounded Jorge and takes him back to his dormitory . Abdulkarim visits JW and Jorge and helps Jorge recuperate . Though hesitant about keeping Jorge in his dorm room , JW relents when Abdulkarim offers him 1000 SEK for every day Jorge stays . As Jorge recuperates , he learns more about Jaw and the two become friends . At one of the jetsetter parties , JW falls for Sophie , the on and off girlfriend of jet - setter Carl . JW learns that Carl 's father 's investment bank is in serious financial trouble and Carl may not be able to afford the extravagant " Stekare " lifestyle . This becomes important when Abdulkarim asks JW to figure out how they can launder the 20,000,000 SEK profit they will eventually earn . JW proposes that they bustoppers of Carl 's father 's failing bank , giving it a stimulus that would not only save the business but immediately increase the price of the shares , making it more profitable . JW acts as the front man for Abdulkarim 's cocaine syndicate as they attempt to purchase the bank . Though Carl 's father has reservations , he eventually relents and accepts the deal . Soon after , JW and the drug syndicate visit Jorge 's drug dealer friends in Germany . The drug dealers show how they smuggle drugs by inserting drug capsules under the skin of dogs and then letting the incision heal and the hair grow back which takes two months according to the drug dealers . The drug dealers also place drug capsules in the leaves of young cabbage plants and then let the cabbage grow a full size head around the capsule . Abdulkarim 's syndicate ultimately negotiates for a shipment of 40 kilos of pure cocaine . The drug dealers want the money deposited in a Swiss account . JW immediately raises concerns about that plan , arguing that Switzerland is not that secret anymore and recommends an account in Andorra or Liechtenstein instead . This gains the drug dealer 's trust and allows the transaction to run smoothly . Later , Jorge advises that JW that he is unlikely to see the money promised by Abdulkarim . JW visits Abdulkarim hideout and while talking with Abdulkarim realizes that what Jorge said was true . Mrado is waiting with his daughter at JW 's apartment building and offers JW two million for assistance in raiding Abdulkarim 's drug shipment . JW agrees on the understanding that no one will get hurt . The drugs arrive in an eighteen wheeler full of cabbages . Jorge and Abdulkarim 's men start repackaging the drugs in a warehouse . Meanwhile , JW assists Mrado and one of Mrado 's Serbian friends in entering the warehouse . A firefight occurs and one of Abdulkarim 's men is seriously wounded immediately . JW is shocked by the turn of events . Jorge realizes that JW has double crossed them . Meanwhile , jet - set Carl 's father has phoned the police to report the drug delivery . JW grabs a weapon and holds off the Serbians as the police arrive and a firefight breaks out . JW and Jorge escape to the rooftop and eventually get to a car . Mrado 's friend is seriously wounded , but intends to hold off the others so that Mrado can escape . As Mrado runs from an alley , he is hit and seriously injured by the car with Jorge and JW in it . JW , the least injured of the three , is angry with Mrado who had promised that no one would ge hurt . JW shoots Mrado . JW then fires shots at the policemen closing in , thereby allowing Jorge to escape in the car . JW then surrenders to the police . Mrado is taken away by ambulance and calls his daughter on the way to the hospital . Jorge drives off into a forest and is last seen running through a field similar to the field that he ran through after escaping from prison . The movie ends with JW in prison with tattoos of " JW " and " Camilla " on his arms . He is visited by Sophie who still cares deeply for JW , but she is leaving Sweden to stay at her parent 's house in France . She asks JW if he cares for her . She appears to be willing to wait for JW to finish his prison sentence . JW appears to care for Sophie , but says nothing . As Sophie leaves , she relays a message from Jorge who says that Paola had a baby girl . JW says that if Jorge calls again , tell him that " The Mathematician says Hello . "
Neville negative Sam ; Ethan neutral Anna ; Neville negative Anna <$> In September 2012 , military virologist Lieutenant Colonel Robert Neville is the last healthy and immune human in New York City . A genetically - engineered variant of the measles virus created by Dr. Alice Krippin , meant as a cure for cancer , had mutated into a lethal strain . It spread throughout the world , killing 90 % of humanity . Most survivors became predatory , vampiric { { cite web } } beingsThe DVD / Blu - Ray subtitles refer to the infected as hemocytes – actually a cell type found in an insect 's immune system . called " Darkseekers " that emerge after dusk to prey on those immune to the virus . In December 2009 , Neville had lost his wife Zoe and daughter Marley in a helicopter accident during a chaotic quarantine of Manhattan . Neville 's daily routine includes experimenting on infected rats to find a cure for the virus and trips through a decaying Manhattan to collect supplies or hunt for deer . He keeps vigil each day for a response to his recorded AM radio broadcasts , which instruct any survivors to meet him at midday at the South Street Seaport . Neville 's isolation is broken only by the companionship of his pet German Shepherd Samantha and interaction with mannequins he has set up as patrons of a video store . To test a treatment , Neville sets a snare trap and captures an infected woman . An enraged mutated alpha male attempts to rescue her , but is driven back by the sunlight . In the laboratory in his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home , Neville tries the new serum on the infected woman , seemingly without success . The next day , after finding one of his mannequins moved out in the street in front of Grand Central Terminal , Neville is caught in a snare trap and passes out . He regains consciousness at dusk and frees himself , but a pack of infected dogs attack Neville and Sam . Although Neville and Sam kill the dogs , an infected dog bites Sam during the fight . Neville brings Sam home and attempts to save the dog by injecting a strain of his serum , but it is too late , as Sam starts to mutate , which then forces Neville to kill her . Overwhelmed by grief and rage of the loss of his dog , Neville attacks a group of the infected on the seaport the following night with his SUV . He kills many , but they overwhelm and nearly kill him before he is rescued by a pair of immune humans , a woman named Anna and a boy named Ethan , who followed his radio broadcasts . Anna and Ethan take him back to his home . Anna explains that they are making their way to a survivors ' camp in Bethel , Vermont . Neville does not believe that such a camp exists and expresses doubt when Anna says that God told her about it . The following night , the alpha male leads an infected mob in an attack on Neville 's house . Anna , who was unaware of Neville 's precautions in covering his scent outside the house , inadvertently allowed the infected to follow their trail . As the infected charge the house , Neville stops the first wave with claymore mines , but finds himself defenseless against the second wave . As Neville tries to find Anna and Ethan , an infected enters and attacks him . The infected retreats upstairs and begins tearing a hole in the roof so others can get in . After Neville saves Anna and Ethan , they retreat into the laboratory . They seal themselves in a reinforced plexiglass room with the infected woman , and discover that Neville 's treatment is working ; the subject looks much more human . The infected break in and the alpha male begins to throw himself against the plexiglass , cracking it . Neville draws a vial of the infected woman 's blood and gives it to Anna before shutting them inside a coal chute in the back of the lab . He detonates an M67 grenade to destroy the attackers at the cost of his own life . Anna and Ethan arrive at the survivors ' colony , where Anna hands over the antidote . Anna later states that the survivors are Neville 's legacy , as his fight for a cure became legend .
Herb neutral Libby ; Steffy neutral Libby ; Herbert neutral Libby <$> The film starts with 19 - year - old Brooklynite Libby Tucker visiting her dead grandma 's grave at a New York cemetery , and informs that she was moving to Hollywood to become an actress and find her father , Screenwriter Herbert Tucker . Libby takes the bus to Denver , then hitchhikes the rest of the way . Libby then tries to call Herb but gets nervous and hangs up . The next morning , Libby goes to the house Herb lives where she meets his girlfriend , Steffy Blondell who invites Libby in . Libby and Steffy find out about each other 's past and the reason why Libby is in town . After Steffy steps out , Herbert Tucker awakens to see Libby after a 16 year gap . The two chat about their pasts and Libby fills Herbert in on the family he left behind including Libby . The two eventually begin arguing about Libby 's goal of becoming an actress just as Steffy returns , and ran out , leaving them behind . Herbert later finds Libby at a motel and eventually persuades her to come back to the house where she would redecorate . Steffy helps out Libby by having her go to a Drama School ; She would meet a young man named Gordon there . One night , Libby comes home at 3:00 A.M. to tell Herbert that he was out meeting famous people and putting cards on their car windshields saying , " Sunset Valet Parking . No party is too big or too small " while on the back it says , " Libby Tucker , New York , Trained Actress . No part is too big or too small " with the phone number attached . He tells her that there is no chance of becoming an actress ; later they would talk about sex . Eventually , Libby realizes she is unsure if she wants to be an actress . After a few more days she decides to return home . After packing up , Libby makes a long distance phone call to mom and gets Herbert to talk to her for the first time in 16 years . Libby goes back home after taking his pictures . On the bus , she ends the film by saying that she was unsure of her future as she was " sort of in a transitional period . " Libby waves goodbye to Herbert and Steffy as she goes back home to New York .
Claire negative Phil ; Felton neutral Miletto ; Armstrong neutral Collins ; Audi positive Phil ; Crenshaw negative Phil ; Crenshaw neutral Miletto <$> Phil and Claire Foster are a married couple from New Jersey with two children and whose domestic life has become boring and routine . Phil is a tax lawyer while Claire is a realtor . They are motivated to reignite their romance after learning that their best friends , Brad and Haley , are planning to divorce to escape the married - life routine and to have more excitement in their lives . To avoid the routine that had become their weekly " date night " , Phil decides that he will take Claire to a trendy Manhattan restaurant called " Claw " , but they can not get a table . Phil steals a reservation from a no - show couple , the Tripplehorns , despite Claire 's misgivings . While eating they are approached by two men , Collins ( [ [ Common and Armstrong , who question them about a flash drive they believe Phil and Claire stole from mobster Joe Miletto . Phil and Claire try to explain that they are not the Tripplehorns , but the men threaten them at gunpoint . Not seeing any other way out , Phil tells them the flash drive is in a boathouse in Central Park . At the boathouse , Claire pretends to search ; while Collins and Armstrong 's backs are turned , Phil hits them with an oar and escapes with Claire on a boat , Collins and Armstrong shooting at them . At a police station , Phil and Claire talk with Detective Arroyo , but discover Collins and Armstrong are also detectives , presumably on Miletto 's payroll . Realizing they can not trust the police , they decide to find the real Tripplehorns . They return to the restaurant and find the Tripplehorns ' phone number . Claire remembers a former client , Holbrooke Grant , is a security expert and James Bond - like action hero . He seems to never wear shirts and is sleeping with a gorgeous Israeli woman . At his apartment , Grant traces the Tripplehorns ' cell phone signal to an apartment owned by a Tom Felton . Collins and Armstrong arrive , but Phil and Claire escape in Grant 's Audi R8 . They arrive at Felton 's apartment and break in . They question Felton , nicknamed " Taste " , and his wife " Whippit " about the flash drive and Joe Miletto . It turns out that Taste and Whippit did go to the restaurant but left as soon as they spotted Collins and Armstrong outside . Realizing they are still in danger , Taste gives the flash drive to Phil and flees with Whippit . When Phil and Claire get back in the Audi , Armstrong and Collins chase and shoot at them . Phil and Claire crash the Audi head - on into a Ford Crown Victoria taxicab , resulting in their Audi and the cab being attached at the bumpers . Both windshields are shot out , so Phil and the cab driver agree to drive off under the Audi 's power to get away . Phil climbs into the cab to help control it while Claire drives the Audi , Collins and Armstrong still pursuing along with other NYPD vehicles . Phil checks the flash drive on the cab driver 's Amazon Kindle and finds pictures of district attorney Frank Crenshaw with prostitutes . After evading Collins and Armstrong , they are eventually hit , and are separated by , an SUV . Phil realizes that the cab 's brakes have failed so the cab driver jumps free and Phil rides the car into the river ; Phil swims away and later says the flash drive stayed in the river . On a subway train , Phil learns that Felton had obtained the flash drive to blackmail Crenshaw on behalf of Miletto . They return to Grant 's apartment , and Grant reluctantly agrees to help them again . Phil and Claire go to an illegal strip club that Crenshaw frequents , with Claire under the guise of a new prostitute and Phil as her pimp . After doing a pole dance for Crenshaw , they confront him and tell him they are the Tripplehorns . Collins and Armstrong come in and hold them at gunpoint , taking them up to the roof with Crenshaw . Miletto arrives with henchmen and it is revealed that Crenshaw has been paid by Miletto to keep him out of jail . When Phil mentions the photos , a fight escalates between the mobsters and Crenshaw , Collins and Armstrong . Phil asks Claire to count to three , her typical method of calming their children . When she does , a helicopter appears and Arroyo and the SWAT team come onto the roof to arrest Miletto , Crenshaw , and everyone else . It is revealed that Phil was wearing a wire courtesy of Grant , who had informed Arroyo of the situation . Afterwards , Phil and Claire have breakfast at a diner , where Phil says he would marry Claire and have their kids all over again . When they return home , they make love on the front lawn .
Alec negative Stephen ; Laura negative Alec <$> The film takes place around the end of 1938 . Laura Jesson , a suburban housewife in a dull but affectionate marriage , tells her story in the first person while at home with her husband , imagining that she is confessing her affair to him . Conventional Laura , like most women of her class at that time , goes to a nearby town every Thursday for shopping and to the cinema for a matinée . Returning from one such excursion to Milford , while waiting at the station , she is helped by another passenger to remove a piece of grit from her eye . The passenger is Alec Harvey , an idealistic doctor who also works one day a week as a consultant at the local hospital . Both are in their thirties , and each is married with two children . Enjoying each other 's company , the two arrange to meet again . They are soon troubled to find their innocent and casual relationship quickly developing into love . For a while , they meet furtively , constantly fearing chance meetings with friends . After several meetings , they go to a room belonging to a friend and fellow doctor of Alec 's , Stephen , but they are interrupted by Stephen 's unexpected return . This brings home the fact that a future together is impossible and , not wishing to hurt their families , they agree to part . Alec has been offered a job in Johannesburg , South Africa , where his brother lives . Their final meeting is at the railway station refreshment room , which we see for the second time , now with the poignant perspective of their story . As they await a sad and final parting , Dolly Messiter , a talkative acquaintance of Laura , invites herself to join them and is soon chattering away , oblivious to the couple 's inner misery . As they realise that they have been robbed of the chance for a final goodbye , Alec 's train arrives . With Dolly still chattering , Alec departs with a last look at Laura but without the passionate farewell for which they both long . After shaking Messiter 's hand , he lightly squeezes Laura on the shoulder and leaves . Laura waits for a moment , anxiously hoping that Alec will walk back into the refreshment room , but he does not . As the train is heard pulling away , Laura is traumatised , and , hearing an approaching express train , suddenly dashes out on to the platform . The lights of the train flash across her face as she conquers her impulse to commit suicide . She then returns home to her family . In the final scene of the film , which does not appear in the original Coward play , Laura 's bland but kind husband Fred suddenly shows that he has noticed her distress in the past weeks , and takes her in his arms .
League neutral Sickan <$> It 's in the middle of the summer . Sickan , Ragnar and Dynamit - Harry , or the Jönsson League as they call themselves , has nothing to do until the circus comes to town . Sickan quickly thinks out a plan on how they 're going to get tickets . However , after they 've got their hands on the tickets , the three friends arch enemy , Junior Wall - Enberg , son of the city 's mayor Vigor Wall - Enberg , steals the tickets . The Jönsson League goes to Junior 's house during night to get the tickets back , but they 're not the only ones sneaking around the mayor 's house . Three members of the circus , the human cannonball , the sword swallower , and the clown , are actually criminals and are at the house to steal the families paintings . The police arrives to the house after an alarm is triggered , and they find The Jönsson League hiding , while the circus members escape with the paintings . The Jönsson League becomes the main suspect of the stolen paintings , so they dress up as girls and go to the circus to get the paintings back .
DDP positive King ; Gordie positive King ; Gordie positive Sean ; Gordie neutral Sasha ; DDP negative Gordie <$> Sewage workers Gordie Boggs and Sean Dawkins watch their favorite wrestler , WCW World Heavyweight Champion Jimmy King cheated out of the title by Diamond Dallas Page , a corrupt WCW promoter named Titus Sinclair , and DDP 's partners . After the match , the two wrestling fans humorously express their rage in their septic truck , resulting in a car crash . After this event , Gordie believes that the car crash was fate and that they should make Jimmy King once again World Champion . Sean agrees to help Gordie , and the dimwitted duo go on a quest to put their King back on his throne . The next day , Gordie asks a friend to find out where the washed - up wrestler lives . Their friend succeeds , and they go to an unexpected - looking neighborhood . They find King 's estranged wife and later his parents . The parents tell them that King borrowed their mobile home , and never returned it . The duo find King and become over-excited . They have a conversation , and when King says that he gives up on wrestling , Gordie and Sean anger him to the point where he suddenly attacks the two boys . The boys encourage King to beat them up , which influenced him to return to wrestling . Then Gordie and Sean are knocked out when Jimmy King does his finishing move . The two boys wake up the next day when Jimmy King drips beer on their faces . Later that day , the trio go on a road trip . Gordie sends letters to his father , who wanted Gordie to follow in his footsteps to be a policeman , but Gordie says that he will not join him in a policeman test , making him frustrated . Gordie , King , and Sean go to the WCW arena where they hide King in a porter potty and they meet one of the Nitro Girls , Sasha . When DDP mocks Jimmy King on camera , King comes out of the porter potty and beats him up . Sinclair , therefore , declares a Triple Cage match for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship plus a $ 1,000,000 cash prize . However , if King loses , he will never wrestle again . They take King to his wife 's home . Sasha is impressed by Gordie , and they go to her apartment . Jimmy King is in deep need of a trainer . They go to a local training center , where King meets his former partner , Bill Goldberg . They also find Sal Bandini , who beats up King . He is then hired as their trainer , but he becomes hospitalized when Sid Vicious and Perry Saturn attack him that night . Gordie finds out that Sasha has been spying on them for Titus and breaks up with her . When they try to get a new partner for King , Gordie 's father comes along , gets Gordie and convinces him that his dream of working with Jimmy King was stupid . When Gordie was at home , Sean and King tried to bust him out , but Gordie refused . But the next day , Gordie comes at an entourage audition and is thanked by King for everything Gordie did for him . No one , however , was able to make the cut , and so King has to face DDP alone . Initially King is alone , but after he gets a horrible beatdown by DDP and his goons starting with King 's own son , Goldberg , Booker T , Billy Kidman , Disco Inferno come to his aid but are n't able to get into the cage until Gordie shows up and crashes a motorcycle through the cage door . Gordie and the others deal with DDP 's posse and defeat them while King and DDP climb the cage to get the belt . Sasha tries to get back together with Gordie as the fans love him , but is knocked out by a ladder being swung around during the match after not listening to Sean 's warning . DDP manages to throw King back to the mat , but is knocked back there himself by Sting . The two climb to the top again and fight it out and King manages to defeat DDP , throwing him through the cages to the mat , knocking him out . King retrieves the belt and is once again champion . After this , Sinclair is booed by the fans then beaten up by Sean and Gordie who toss him to the fans who beat him up some more . Goldberg later asks King to re-team with him , but the new champ announces his new partner will be Gordie and their manager will be Sean . Gordie 's father watches the match on TV and after seeing how good Gordie is , accepts Gordie 's choice and even cheers for him . The epilogue shows Sean telling kids " dreams can come true " back at the convenience store , where Gordie and Goldberg teach the clerk a lesson by hurling him out on the street for being mean to kids . All ends happily as the heroes ride off in a stretch Hummer , together with Sal , now fully recovered in a hot tub with beautiful women and ends it by saying " God bless America " .
Priya positive Raj <$> This is a story about an architect Raj Malhotra . While he was a top student in his school and college days , he is not having much luck finding work , clients or projects . All he does seems to go wrong . Raj goes to a gypsy named Haseena Bano Jaan . She advises him that his luck is not good and he needs a lucky charm or a person who can change his life . Afterwards , Raj meets Priya , who is ready to help the citizens of a community by trying to save a community center . Although they do not get along at first , Raj eventually realizes that Priya is his lucky charm . Priya ends up helping Raj through sticky situations and Raj eventually figures out that she is , in fact , changing his life . Knowing this , Raj lies to Priya by telling her that he will help her save the community center , but instead , he is trying to build a shopping mall there so he can finally be recognized as an architect . He also falls in love with Priya and she too falls for him . However , when Priya finds out the truth about what Raj is trying to do , she becomes very upset and hurt . To make up for his lie , Raj sells everything he has , not caring about his job . He proposes a plan to save the community center and ends up winning Priya 's love and admiration . After Priya and Raj finally get together , Raj 's life changes and he becomes prosperous .
his positive his <$> Mammootty plays journalist Ravishankar who is a victim of blood cancer . The knowledge of his disease and the death on its way hugely disappoints him and he loses all his hope in life . His wife Malini is on her way to a life forward after Ravishankar 's death and is in a relationship with Rajendran which is found out to much of his dismay by Ravi but has to acknowledge it as he tries to understand the reality . Meanwhile a doctor who is a friend of Ravishankar convinces him to undergo holistic treatment in his centre . The centre is driven by a theme that each and every cell in our body has a mind which decides whether the body it belongs to should live or die . The treatment does wonders to Ravi and he is on his way to recovery and final checkups confirm that his blood count is normal . Ravi is delighted to come back to his dear life but everything in his hope and joy of life is squandered when he learns that his recovery is a blow to all his relatives including his wife who by now has played without sleeping with Rajendran . He again feels resentment when he learns that his death was more awaited than his recovery . Ravi finally commits suicide as his childhood sweetheart Durga also leaves him . The final line to the audience is the old message that death is the ultimate truth , an inevitable part of life and is in its own way a moment to rejoice .
his positive Larry <$> The story begins on " the strangest day " of Larry Burrows life consisting of a series of comic and dramatic misadventures . Larry , who blames all of his life 's problems on the fact that he struck out during a key moment of a high school baseball game , wishes he had done things differently . His wish is granted by a guardian angel - like figure named Mike , and appears at various times as a bartender , a cab driver , and so on . Larry soon discovers that Mike has transferred Larry into an alternate reality in which he had won the pivotal high school game . He now finds himself rich and powerful , and married to the boss 's sexy daughter Cindy Jo Bumpers . At first , his new life seems perfect , but he soon begins to miss his best friend Cliff Metzler and wife Ellen from his previous life ; he also discovers that his alternate self has created many enemies , like Jewel Jagger , and as Larry 's problems multiply , he finds himself wishing to be put back into his old life .
Paul positive Bobby ; Bobby negative Kirkpatrick ; Paul negative Funke ; Paul neutral Kirkpatrick ; Francesca positive Funke ; Marlon positive Francesca ; Marlon negative Funke <$> Bobby Funke is a less than popular high school sophomore with a dream to get into Northwestern University 's summer journalism program . Although Bobby claims he 's a great writer , he 's never finished an article for St. Donovan 's School Newspaper . The editor - in - chief Clara , , assigns Bobby to do an article on Paul Moore , the student body president . Bobby attempts to get an interview , but is unable to get a story out of Paul and is bullied by Paul 's friends . Paul is the star of the basketball team and on a game night , Paul takes a fall and injures his knee . The next morning Principal Kirkpatrick discovers the SATs have been stolen from a safe in his office . Kirkpatrick rounds up his " usual suspects " of high school misfits along with Bobby to question them . The group is innocent but Kirkpatrick warns them all to watch their step . When senior Francesca Facchini solicits Bobby 's help tracking down the set of stolen SATsMischa goes back to school The Sun . 4 March 2009 , Funke uncovers a story . He sets on a large scale investigation and links Paul Moore to the crime . He writes an article pointing the finger at Paul . Kirkpatrick forces Paul to open his locker and the SATs fall out . As a result of his sleuthing , Funke becomes one of the most popular kids at St. Donovan 's . Clara decides to submit Funke 's article to Northwestern which earns Bobby a scholarship to the summer program . Funke wins the respect of everyone from Principal Kirkpatrick to the kid that farts on him in Spanish class and Francesca takes Funke to homecoming . As Funke 's popularity grows so do his suspicions . Paul confronts Bobby , proclaiming his innocence , stating that he got into Cornell but decided to take the test again to see if he could get a better score . Funke begins to wonder if the president really stole the SATs or if he 's just a pawn in a conspiracy . Funke investigates even deeper into the lives of Paul 's shady friends , all members of the Student Council . He discovers their involvement with drug dealing . The Student Council had actually stolen the SATs along with other tests throughout the year , modifying the marks of the best students to make them doubt their test - taking abilities and turn to the Student Council for speed - like " study drugs " . Funke says that while Paul was n't a part of the scam , group ringleader Marlon Piazza has Paul framed to avoid being caught . Funke also finds out that Francesca led him along the entire time to keep him from finding out the truth . Francesca and Marlon , step - siblings , are revealed as lovers . Funke confronts the group in the principal 's office . Marlon threatens to have Funke thrown out the window and frame it as a suicide , but his threat and confession are heard on the school 's intercom system . When Funke entered the room , he secretly turned on the microphone ; Funke 's friends save him from being thrown out the window and Kirkpatrick rushes into the office , followed by the student body and Francesca . Francesca attempts to gain Funke 's trust again , only to be shut down and left to deal with Kirkpatrick 's punishment .
Doris negative Hester ; Doris negative Murdoch ; Navy negative Murdoch ; Bergmann neutral Murdoch ; Hester negative Murdoch <$> In 1937 Hawaii , four native Hawaiian men find a white woman , beaten nearly to death , and take her to a hospital — only to be charged later with her rape and assault . During their trial , the woman 's husband , a Lieutenant in the US Navy , fatally shoots one of them and later stands trial himself . The trial brings into stark relief the racial tensions that tear at the social fabric of Territorial Hawaii in the years prior to World War II . In 1937 Hawaii , socialite Hester Ashley Murdoch leaves an officers ' dinner party at the US Naval base in Honolulu in the company of a man who is not her husband , but rather Lt. Murdoch 's best friend . The friend coldly announces that he is terminating their relationship , even though Hester is carrying his child . Outraged , she announces that she will tell her husband and the commanding admiral on the station . In retaliation , the friend beats her savagely and leaves her bloodied , battered body where it lies . Four young Hawaiian men find her and take her to a hospital , this although they fear being blamed for the condition she is in because she is haole and they are native Hawaiian . At the hospital , Hester 's mother Doris assumes that the Hawaiians are to blame , but Hester says , " It 's nobody 's fault ; I was the pregnant one ! " The shocked Doris tells her daughter that she must collaborate in Doris ' campaign to blame the Hawaiians , saying that Hester must think of Doris ' " position " in high society . Accordingly , the four are charged with rape and assault — this although the only sexual intercourse that Hester had was consensual and not with any of the four . Most of the law - enforcement officers involved , including the Honolulu Police Department and the Navy Shore Patrol , assume that the Hawaiians are guilty . But Detective Captain Curt Maddox is unconvinced . Meanwhile , the Hawaiians get a court - appointed attorney who strives valiantly to show that the four must be innocent of the crime , because of time - line conflicts with the best estimate of when the beating took place . But the trial of the four ends abruptly and tragically when Lieutenant Murdoch , at the height of an at - the - bench discussion between the judge and the two opposing counsels , abruptly draws his service automatic and shoots the lead defendant twice in the head , killing him . Now Murdoch must stand trial for murder in the first degree . Doris sends a wire to famed criminal attorney Walter Bergmann , who agrees to defend Lieutenant Murdoch against the murder charge . The pre-trial investigation is complicated by an affair between Detective Maddox and Mr. Bergmann 's wife Leonore . The case is further complicated when a number of Navy petty officers , all friends of Murdoch , kidnap the three remaining Hawaiians , tie them in spread - eagle fashion to an improvised rack , and beat them to get them to confess to the original alleged rape and assault . In the course of that particular atrocity , the Navy men repeatedly use the expression " bilge , " which is common Navy slang for useless information or known falsehood . The lawyer for the Hawaiians interviews the three , after they are brought to a hospital and unable to lie on their backs because of the severe beatings they have received . There they finally blurt out , " They said , ' Bilge ! ' " This gives the lawyer the vital clues he needs . Maddox follows up the clues and has the three arrested . Murdoch 's trial climaxes with Attorney Bergmann trying to sum up by saying that Murdoch 's action was excusable . " Those animals beat her ! " he cries — and then Hester , plagued by her conscience , blurts out , " They 're innocent ! They 're innocent ! " Although Bergmann roughly escorts her from the courtroom , the damage is done : Murdoch is convicted . Subsequently , we see Doris engaging in a behavior called " brazening it out . " She hires an interior decorator to redecorate her home . In the middle of her interview with the decorator , Detective Maddox arrives with a warrant for the arrests of Doris and Hester . Hester , crushed , rushes to her bathroom and hangs herself from the shower head . Doris discovers Hester 's dead body and cries out in anguish — although whether that anguish is truly for losing her daughter or because this is the final shameful and devastating blow to her social position , the film leaves unresolved — and perhaps deliberately so .
Tyreen positive Dundee ; her neutral Dundee ; Charriba negative Dundee <$> During the American Civil War , Union cavalry officer Major Amos Dundee is relieved of his command for an unspecified tactical error at the Battle of Gettysburg and was sent to head a prisoner - of - war camp in the New Mexico Territory . After a family of ranchers and a relief column of cavalry are massacred by an Apache war chief named Sierra Charriba , Dundee seizes the opportunity for glory , raising his own private army of Union troops , Confederate prisoners led by his former friend and rival from their days at West Point , Captain Tyreen , several Indian scouts , and a gang of civilian mercenaries to illegally pursue Charriba into Mexico . Tyreen bears a grudge against Dundee . Before the war , Dundee cast the deciding vote in Tyreen 's court - martial from the U.S. Army for participating in a duel . However , having given his word of honor , the chivalrous Tyreen binds himself and his men to serve loyally , but only until Charriba has been dispatched . When the diverse factions of Dundee 's force are n't fighting each other , they engage the Apaches in several bloody battles.The film is narrated by young bugler , Tim Ryan , whose diary is meant to serve as an ironic counterpoint to the action . The Americans lose most of their supplies in an Apache ambush , forcing them to raid a village garrisoned by French troops loyal to Emperor Maximilian of Mexico . However , there is little to loot , and Dundee ends up sharing some of his dwindling food with the starving Mexicans . Beautiful resident Teresa Santiago , the widow of a doctor executed for his support of the rebels under Benito Juárez , causes further tensions between Dundee and Tyreen . Dundee makes it easy for his French prisoners to escape . When they return with reinforcements as he had expected , Dundee surprises them in a night attack and makes off with badly needed supplies . Teresa ultimately has a short - lived affair with Dundee . In an unguarded moment with her , he is wounded by the Apaches in the leg , forcing him to seek medical help in French - held Durango . The doctor successfully removes the arrow , but Dundee has to remain there to recuperate . He is tended by a pretty Mexican , whom he eventually takes to bed . When Teresa comes upon them unexpectedly , her relationship with Dundee comes to an abrupt end . Dundee starts drinking heavily as a result . Tyreen has to sneak into town and shame Dundee into resuming his mission . Charriba proves difficult to pin down , so Dundee pretends to give up and starts back for the United States . The Apaches give chase and end up in a trap . Charriba is finally killed . With their bargain concluded , Dundee and Tyreen prepare to resume their own personal battle , but the vengeful French appear , forcing the two men to set aside their differences . The two cavalry forces charge each other at the Rio Grande River . When Tyreen is fatally shot , he rides off to singlehandedly delay a second detachment of French cavalry while the others escape .
Siva neutral Pooja <$> Siva is a nice guy who does n't believe in the concept of love . True to his hatred , he also does n't hesitate to go and break up love birds . Pooja on the other hand believes strongly in the force of love and does whatever she can to ensure that lovers get united . The story takes a turn when Siva 's sister falls in love with Pooja 's cousin . As expected , Siva tries to break the couple while Pooja unites them . Finally , Siva gives up and at the same time , he develops feelings for Pooja . What happens from there forms the rest of the story .
Grandet neutral Eugenie ; Charles positive Eugenie <$> After the death of his father , young dandy Charles Grandet is taken under the care of his uncle , Monsieur Grandet ( [ [ Ralph Lewis . The miserly Grandet , despite being the wealthiest man in his province , forces his family to live in poverty and schemes to cheat his nephew out of his inheritance from his father . Charles falls in love with Grandet 's daughter Eugenie but Grandet condemns their love , and sends Charles away . While Charles is away , Grandet kills Eugenie 's mother , which sends him further into a maddened state . It is later revealed that Eugenie is not really Monsieur Grandet 's daughter ; if she knew , then she could reclaim all of the gold that originally belonged to her mother , leaving her father penniless . Monsieur Grandet has a violent argument with Eugenie , after she finds letters sent by Charles that her father had hidden , and Monsieur Grandet accidentally locks himself in a small room where he keeps his gold . He starts hallucinating and is eventually killed after becoming frantic . Eugenie is now left an extremely wealthy young lady , which only intensifies the pressure put on her by two competing families to marry one of the suitors . She announces her engagement , but shortly after is reunited with Charles .
Yoko negative John ; Eastman positive Paul ; Cynthia neutral John ; Yoko positive Tony ; John neutral Paul ; Yoko neutral Kyoko ; John neutral Elton ; Sean neutral John <$> The film opens in August 1966 , where just before The Beatles begin their next American Concert in Memphis , Tennessee for their fourth American tour , people gather with the Ku Klux Klan to burn their Beatles material including records , and much more memorabillia , due to John saying that The Beatles were more popular than Jesus . After a firecracker is thrown onto the stage during the performance of the song " Help ! " , the group decides to stop touring , and for a second reason it is because they are fed up with not hearing any music they perform on stage due to the fans ' constant screaming . The band returns to England , where three months later John meets a Japanese artist named Yoko Ono , who is married to American Tony Cox and has a daughter named Kyoko . She is not pleased by John 's personality when they meet , especially when he begs to hammer a nail into one of Yoko 's art displays , and she says he can do it if he gives her five shillings , but instead John pretends to give her five shillings and pretends hammer in a nail , before proceeding to eat an apple , without knowing it was for the exhibition . Yoko seems to be disgusted by John 's personality until John Cage tells her he is one of The Beatles . Later on , John and Yoko develop a fast friendship despite them being married to other people and get to know each other more and even visits her house . He even brings her to the studio with him , much to the disgust of the other Beatles . Paul later finds a romantic interest of his own named Linda Eastman . Brian Epstein , who is the Beatles ' manager , later dies of an accidental overdose of drugs . Because of this The Beatles are left of no manager , and begin to show more sign of strain . In the meantime , John develops an immediate crush on Yoko . In February 1968 , John goes to Rishikesh , India with his wife Cynthia and the other Beatles and their wives for a meditation with the Maharishi there . After returning , John calls Yoko by phone and invites her to come to his house , while Cynthia is away in Greece . Since Tony is away too , Yoko agrees to do so . At the house , they start recording songs , and at dawn John and Yoko have sex . After both Cynthia and Tony find out about their affair , John leaves Cynthia and his son Julian , while Yoko leaves Tony and her daughter Kyoko . As the months pass , John and Yoko have several art exhibits and even plant two acorns as a symbol of peace . Yoko later finds out she is pregnant , but later miscarries . Paul McCartney later marries Linda Eastman , and after getting a divorce from their respective spouses , John and Yoko get married and John starts playing with the Plastic Ono Band , after being under the stress of The Beatles . Paul signs with his father in - law Lee Eastman for music business and John signs with Allan Klein for another label which George and Ringo agree to do , but Paul refuses . Yoko later finds out she 's pregnant again but once more she miscarries . In 1970 , after Paul decides to quit The Beatles , John decides to disband the group and he does . Yoko is blamed by the public for the break - up . A year later , John and Yoko encounter problems , such as Yoko 's ex-husband Tony Cox refusing to let Yoko see Kyoko , despite the divorce agreement granting her joint custody . During a trip in Majorca , Spain , Yoko takes Kyoko by force . After being caught by Spanish officers , Yoko is faced with a kidnapping charge . Much of the subplot deals with Yoko 's problems on trying to regain her daughter 's love and seeing her again . In June 1971 John and Yoko emigrate to New York in the United States for a new life , where John records a solo album called Imagine , which is a huge hit , and Yoko records some songs as well . John and Yoko later face problems when the U.S. Government threatens to deport John and Yoko , and their house is bugged and a spy is sent to spy on them . Throughout 1971 , John and Yoko perform live at several venues including the Apollo Theater . The next day , at a Houston , Texas court , Tony is put in jail when he refuses to let Yoko see Kyoko . Yoko and John then go to the U.S. Supreme Court , where Yoko obtains full custody of her , but still does not know where she is . In 1972 U.S. President Richard Nixon defeats George McGovern for re-election which leaves John unhappy , and gets drunk and has sex with another girl , which makes Yoko angry and humiliated . This results in the two of them having marital problems , and not long after they move into the Dakota building Yoko tells John they need to be separated for a while , and admits she still loves him . She sends music producer May Pang with him to Los Angeles . There , John begins a brief affair with May and later sees bandmate Ringo Starr again as well as recording a song with Elton John called " Whatever Gets You Through the Night " for his new album Walls and Bridges . Elton makes a deal with John that he gets to appear at one of his concerts if the song hits # 1 on the charts . When it does , John joins Elton at his Madison Square Garden concert in November 1974 , and sings " Whatever Gets You Through the Night " with him . After the performance , John encounters Yoko backstage , as she had seen his performance in the audience and Elton reveals he knew she was there in the audience the whole time . John and Yoko reunite , and in October 1975 , Yoko gives birth to a son John names Sean , while at the same time John learns from Leon Russell that he will not be deported from the U.S. after all . After Sean is born , John decides to retire from the music business to raise Sean for the first five years of his life . John becomes a househusband during this time , and Yoko runs a business . Three years later , Julian comes from England to visit John and later Julian has a jamming session with John and three - year old Sean . Soon , Yoko receives a phone call from Kyoko , and its revealed she wants to come to The Dakota to visit for Christmas . When Kyoko is unable to visit on Christmas Day , this leaves Yoko upset . In 1980 , John is amazed by the new - wave music of the 80's and wants to record another album and starts writing songs again . Before long , John and Yoko record another album called Double Fantasy . As the months pass they record another album called Milk and Honey . On December 8 , after a recording session for the album , John suggests they go on tour again when the album is released . Yoko requests that they go and eat , but John wants to go home and see Sean , so they go back to The Dakota . After arriving , a man appears out of the shadows and points a gun at John ready to shoot him and says the infamous words " Mr. Lennon " . The movie then goes to a freeze frame on John 's face looking at the man , while the viewer hears a loud gunshot in the background with the caption " John Lennon died on December 8 , 1980 " .
he positive Melinda <$> A guy named Ron finally settled up and decided to marry his girlfriend Melinda , whom he met just two months ago . Her brother , Todd , hates Ron and tries to persuade Melinda that he is just marrying her to use her money for himself . He tries to talk Melinda out of the wedding , but before that , he tries to show who Ron really is so he decided to make a wild bachelor party , in hope of catching Ron and canceling the wedding .
Avenant positive Belle ; Belle positive Felicie ; Ludovic positive Belle ; Belle positive Diana ; Ludovic neutral Diana <$> While scrubbing the floor at home , Belle is interrupted by her brother 's friend Avenant who tells her she deserves better and suggests they get married . Belle rejects Avenant , as she wishes to stay home and take care of her father , who has suffered much since his ships were lost at sea and the family fortune along with them . Belle 's father arrives home announcing he has come into great fortune that he will pick up the next day , along with gifts for his daughters , Belle 's shrewish sisters Adelaide and Felicie . Belle 's roguish brother Ludovic signs a contract from a moneylender allowing him to the ability to sue Ludovic 's father if he ca n't pay . Later , Belle 's father finds on his arrival that his fortune has been seized to clear his debts and is forced to return home through the forest at night . Belle 's father gets lost in the forest and finds himself at a large castle whose gates and doors magically open themselves . On entering the castle , he is guided by an enchanted candelabra that leads him to a laden dinner table where he falls asleep . Awakened by a loud roar , Belle 's father wanders the castle 's grounds . Remembering that Belle asked for a rose , he plucks a rose from a tree which makes the Beast appear . The Beast threatens to kill him for theft but then suggests that one of his daughters can take his place . The Beast offers his horse Magnificent to guide him through the woods home . Belle 's father explains the situation to his family and Avenant , as Belle agrees to go and take her father 's place . Belle rides Magnificent to the castle , finding the Beast . Belle faints at the sight of him and is carried to her room in the castle . Belle wakes up and finds a magic mirror which allows her to see anything . The Beast invites Belle to dinner , where he tells her that she 's in equal command to him and that she will be asked every day to marry him . Days pass as Belle grows more accustomed and fond of the Beast , but continues to refuse marriage . Using the magic mirror Belle finds her father deathly ill . The Beast grants her permission to leave for a week . He gives Belle two magical items : A glove that can transport her wherever she wishes and a golden key that unlocks Diana 's Pavilion , the source of the Beast 's true riches . Belle uses the glove to appear in her bedridden father 's room , where her visit restores him to health . Belle finds her family living in poverty , having never recovered from Ludovic 's deal with the moneylender . Jealous of Belle 's rich life at the castle , Adelaide and Felicie steal her golden key and devise a plan to turn Ludovic and Avenant against the Beast . Avenant and Ludovic devise a plan of their own to kill the Beast , and agree to aid Belle 's sisters . To stall Belle , her sisters trick her into staying past her seven day limit by pretending to love her . Belle reluctantly agrees to stay . The Beast sends Magnificent with the magic mirror to retrieve Belle but Ludovic and Avenant find Magnificent first , and ride him to the castle . Belle later finds the mirror which reveals the Beast 's sorrowful face in its reflection . Belle realizes she is missing the golden key as the mirror breaks . Distraught , Belle returns to the castle using the magic glove and finds the Beast in the courtyard , near death from a broken heart . Meanwhile , Avenant and Ludovic stumble upon Diana 's Pavilion . Thinking that their stolen key may trigger a trap , they scale the wall of the Pavilion . As the Beast dies in Belle 's arms , Avenant breaks into the Pavilion through its glass roof and is shot with an arrow by an animated statue of the Roman goddess Diana and is himself turned into a Beast . As this happens , arising from where the Beast lay dead is Prince Ardent who is cured from being the Beast . Prince Ardent and Belle embrace , then fly away to his kingdom where she will be his Queen , and where her father will stay with them and Belle 's evil sisters will carry the train of her gown .
Laure negative Veronica ; Lily negative Laure ; Bardo negative Veronica ; Laure negative Bardo ; Bardo negative Bruce <$> Mercenary thief Laure Ash participates in a diamond heist in Cannes . The plan is for Laure to steal valuable diamonds from the ensemble of a female attendant named Veronica while in the middle of seducing her , during which her accomplices " Black Tie " and Racine provide various support . However , Laure instead double - crosses her accomplices and escapes to Paris with the diamonds . In Paris , a series of events causes Laure to be mistaken for her own doppelgänger , a missing Parisian woman named " Lily " who had recently disappeared . While Laure luxuriates in a tub in Lily 's home , the real Lily returns and commits suicide while Laure secretly watches , leaving Laure the opportunity to take her identity for good and leave the country to America . Seven years later , Laure resurfaces in Paris as the wife of Bruce Watts , the new American ambassador to France . After arriving in France , a Spanish paparazzo named Nicolas Bardo takes her picture . The picture is displayed around Paris , and Black Tie spots Bardo 's photo while in the middle of killing Veronica by throwing her into the path of a speeding truck . With Laure exposed to her vengeful ex-accomplishes , she decides to frame Bardo for her own kidnapping . Bardo is further manipulated by Laure into following through with the " kidnapping " , and in the process , begin a sexual relationship . The pair eventually meet with Bruce for an exchange , however , Bardo has a crisis of conscience at the last moment and sabotages the scheme . In retaliation , Laure executes both Bardo and Bruce , only to be surprised by her ex-accomplices afterward , whom promptly throw Laure off a bridge to her seeming death . In an extended twist ending , the entirety of the movie 's events after Laure enters the tub in Lily 's home are revealed to be a dream . Laure spies Lily entering the home as before , but this time stops her from committing suicide . Seven years later , Laure and Veronica , who is revealed to have been Laure 's partner all along , chat about the success of their diamond caper . Black Tie and Racine arrive seeking revenge , but they are killed by the same truck that killed Veronica in Laure 's dream . Bardo , witnessing all these events , introduces himself to Laure , swearing that he has met her before , with Laure replying " Only in my dreams " .
he neutral Aswathi ; He negative Aswathi <$> Razak Kottekkad ( [ [ Sreenivasan is a migrant social worker in Saudi Arabia who makes an effort to both identify " unknown Indians " whose bodies arrive at the mortuary and to secure their return back home . Meanwhile , we are shown the story of Aswathi , who is a lower mid-class Malayali woman from Pattambi , Kerala . She gets married to a small - time goon , Radhakrishnan who confesses her about his pre-marriage life and assures a complete change . Unfortunately after a short period of happy life , he gets killed . Due to the financial constraints of her family and the untimely death of her husband , Ashwathi is forced to be the bread earner of the house and opts to go to the gulf . Usman , who is the car driver of an Arab family , belongs to Aswathi 's village and he arranges the visa for Aswathi and brings her to Saudi Arabia . She lands in Saudi Arabia and many surprises await her , starting at the airport itself . She is forced to wear a burqa at all times , as part of the dress code of the country . She is subsequently exposed to a rigid culture and a slavery - like vocation and is taken up under a sponsor to work for him as a maid . Aswathi had to face numerous troubles - sexual abuse and battery in the sponsor 's house . Ashwathi is accompanied by Usman , who actually brought her to all the miseries . However , he indulges in a sexual affair with the Indonesian maid there and gets caught and is kicked out of the sponsor 's house . Aswathi helps the other maid to escape the premises and in turn is tortured as punishment . The story follows Razak , who tries to trace Aswathi who had mysteriously disappeared during an attempt to escape torture . On the parallel , we see Aswathi running into some good and bad people , eventually culminating in a deportation . After entering into much more troubles , she reaches Razak , who was actually in a search for her . He inquires her about the complete story . He eventually helps Aswathi leave for home back in Kerala .
Arun negative Dinesh <$> During a jail riot instigated by jailed convict Jaggu , the Jailer , Arun Mehra 's life is threatened , and another convict Dinesh , risks his life to save Arun . Arun and his mom , Mrs. Mehra find out that Dinesh is on death - row for killing noted Professor Ashok Verma . Arun does not believe that Dinesh is guilty , and so he arranges his escape and as a result he has not only the police , including his very own dad , Inspector General of Police Mehra after him on a manhunt , but also underworld don Master and his men ; and a cold - hearted female assassin who has reserved just two bullets in her gun for Arun and Dinesh . All songs , which are popular even today , are penned by Anand Bakshi .
Eli positive Claudia ; Morgan positive she ; Eli positive Morgan <$> Teen actress Morgan Carter ( [ [ JoJo is a Hollywood princess , until the day that her hard - partying ways get the best of her . After she collapses outside of a Hollywood nightclub , Morgan 's mother sends her to live in the wilds of Fort Wayne , Indiana , with her Aunt Trudy . Morgan is camouflaged into Claudia Miller and given a new hairstyle , and suddenly , Morgan , albeit unwillingly , blends in with her peers who do n't own televisions or read magazines . With a new appearance and deprived comforts Morgan enters a suburban high school with a bad attitude . At first she did n't fit in with anyone , until she meets " cute guy " Eli and they became friends . Eli introduces Claudia to his sister and her friends . Morgan takes a liking to Emily , Eli 's sister , and they become good friends . Emily invites Morgan to a sleepover where Debbie , who likes Eli , tells her to stay away from him . Morgan is upset so she leaves early , without telling Emily . When she gets home she drinks a bottle of vodka that she found in the cupboard . The next day when Eli comes over to tutor Morgan and she , wanting desperately to capture Eli 's attention , makes up a story about her father , borrowing a plot from one of her movies . Eli is worried , as Morgan drastically exaggerated and added several negative details about her supposed " father " , telling Morgan to alert him if he shows up . Eli asks Morgan on a date to the fair and she happily accepts . Morgan 's best friend from when she was in Hollywood , Marissa , comes to visit her in Indiana , where they go to a club . Morgan goes to the fair with Eli and Morgan begins liking him more . Everything was going great until Debbie tries to blackmail Morgan . The paparazzi finds out where she is and leak the story so she sneaks to Eli 's house to apologize for lying , both about her father and about not being Claudia . Eli is upset at the deception , but in the end he forgives her and they drive away on his motorcycle .
Munna negative Pillai ; Komal positive Munna ; Munna positive Malhotra ; Raja positive Malhotra <$> The film opens with Munna Bhai , a dreaded Mumbai - streeted goon , on the chase to Pillai . Munna Bhai catches him , and Pillai tries to escape into Komal 's dancing class . Komal stops Munna from beating him up and makes him say sorry to Pillai . Munna straight - away falls in love with her without realizing that he is in love . Noticing that Munna Bhai seems to be ill , his sidekick takes him to Dr. Malhotra , whose diagnosis is that Munna Bhai is suffering from the " love virus " which can only be cured with love . He advises Munna Bhai to try to woo the girl with whom he is smitten . What Dr. Malhotra and Munna Bhai do not realize is that this girl is none other than the doctor 's younger sister . Malhotra takes Komal abroad to get her married , unaware she is in love with Raja . Raja , in disguise fools Malhotra , and follows them abroad . Munna Bhai is then on gun - point by Pillai , and Raja saves him . Unaware of knowing they both love the same girl , Malhotra makes a torn between them , which ends up getting Raja beat up . Munna Bhai gets his gun out , but before Malhotra realizes what he has done , Komal jumps in to save Raja and is shot . Munna Bhai realizing his mistake , surrenders , and gives up the crime world , while Dr. Malhotra also realizes his mistake and lets Komal marry Raja .
Deborah neutral Brad ; she positive Brad ; she neutral Addie ; her positive his ; she positive Mrs. ; Addie neutral his <$> Just as they are about to take a group of underprivileged children on a riverboat ride and picnic , Deborah Bishop , Rita Phipps , and Lora Mae Hollingsway receive a message from Addie Ross informing them that she has run off with one of their husbands . She , however , leaves them in suspense as to which one . All three marriages are shown in flashback to be strained . Deborah grew up on a farm . Her first experience with the outside world came when she joined the Navy WAVES during World War II , where she met her future husband Brad . When they return to civilian life , Deborah is ill at ease in Brad 's upper class social circle . Adding to her insecurity , she learns that everyone expected Brad to marry Addie , whom all three husbands consider practically a goddess . However , she is comforted by Brad 's friend Rita , a career woman who writes stories for sappy radio soap operas . Her husband George , a school - teacher , feels somewhat emasculated since she earns much more money . He is also disappointed that his wife constantly gives in to the demands of her boss , Mrs. Manleigh . Rita 's flashback is to a dinner party she gave for her boss . She forgot that her husband 's birthday was that night , and only remembered when a birthday present , a rare Brahms recording , arrived from Addie Ross . Lora Mae grew up poor , not just on the " wrong side of the tracks " , but literally next to the railroad tracks . She sets her sights on her older , divorced employer , Porter ( [ [ Paul Douglas , the wealthy owner of a statewide chain of department stores . Her mother , Ruby Finney , is unsure what to think of her daughter 's ambition , but Ruby 's friend Sadie approves . Matters come to a head when she sees a picture of Addie Ross on the piano in his home . She tells him she wants her picture on a piano : her own piano in her own home . He tells her he is n't interested in marriage , and she breaks off their romance . However , he loves her too much , and finally gives in and proposes , skipping a New Year 's party at Addie 's house to do so . When the women return from the picnic , Rita is overjoyed to find her husband at home . They work out their issues ; she promises to not let herself be pushed around by Mrs. Manleigh . Deborah 's houseman gives her a message stating that Brad will not be coming home that night . A heartbroken Deborah goes alone to the dance with the other two couples . When Porter complains about his wife dancing with another man , she tells him he has no idea how much Lora Mae really loves him , but Porter is certain his wife only sees him as a " cash register " . Unable to take it anymore , Deborah gets up to leave , announcing that Brad has run off with Addie . Porter stops her , confessing it was he who started to run away with Addie , but then explains , " A man can change his mind , ca n't he ? " Porter then tells his wife that , with his admission in front of witnesses , she can divorce him and get what she wants . To his shock , Lora Mae claims she did not hear a word he said . He asks her to dance . The voice of Addie Ross bids all a good night . In the film , she is shown only once and from behind .
Raphael negative Leonardo ; Raphael positive Casey ; Danny negative his ; Danny negative Casey <$> As an unsolved crime wave rises in New York City , news reporter April O'Neil covers the reports and rumors of a mysterious ' Foot Clan , ' a gang of ninjas that is plaguing the city . April continues to cover news of the crime wave , to the point where the Shredder , leader of the Foot , decides she needs to be silenced . She is attacked by the Foot in a subway and is knocked unconscious while trying to fight them off . Raphael has been following her to retrieve his sai - which he had lost in a previous battle - and easily fights off the Foot . He carries April back to the Turtles ' hideout , unaware that he is being followed by one of the Foot . Splinter then recounts to an astonished April his and the Turtles ' origins : once ordinary turtles living in the sewer , they were mutated into intelligent , human - sized creatures by a discarded canister of toxic waste . The Turtles escort April back home . Upon their return to the sewers , the Turtles find that their home has been ransacked and Splinter kidnapped . With nowhere else to go , the four distraught Turtles return to April 's apartment and spend the night there . Meanwhile , the Foot Clan continues to grow , incorporating a number of delinquent teens into their ranks . One of these teens is Danny Pennington , who is arrested for robbery . After bailing Danny out of jail , his father and April 's supervisor Charles Pennington stops by her apartment , where Danny incidentally catches a glimpse of one of the Turtles in hiding . He then reports back to the Shredder , who has been searching for the Turtles . At April 's apartment , Leonardo and Raphael get into a heated argument . Raphael goes to the roof of the building , where he is ambushed by an army of Foot Clan ninjas . He is thrown unconscious through April 's skylight , and the Turtles scramble to defend themselves from the Foot . Things look bleak until the arrival of Casey Jones , who helps them fight off the remaining Foot warriors . However , the building catches fire during the melee , and the Turtles have no choice but to retreat . They retreat to a farm that belongs to April 's family , and April learns that she was fired from her job . Raphael eventually recovers from his coma , and the Turtles train together vigorously , while April and Casey fall in love . At one point , Leonardo manages to make contact with Splinter through meditation , and after the Turtles witness him in a shared vision , they decide to return to New York to find and rescue him . Despite being a member of the Foot Clan , Danny had secretly been taking counsel from Splinter , who shares with him the story of his master Hamato Yoshi 's murder by a rival ninja named Oroku Saki . Splinter explains to Danny that during his master 's scuffle and murder at the hands of Saki , the cage that he stayed in had been knocked over . After being freed from the cage he lunged at Saki 's face . Grabbing on with his claws he proceeded to bite and claw Saki 's right cheek . Saki , bleeding and enraged knocks Splinter to the floor and slices off part of his ear with his sword . When Danny learns that the Shredder intends to have Splinter killed , he and Casey set him free from captivity . Although the Foot were set to ambush the Turtles in the sewers upon their return , the Turtles manage to turn the tables on them . The fight escalates into the streets above and eventually onto a rooftop , where the Turtles finally face off against Shredder , but prove to be no match for him . Leonardo eventually scores a hit with his ninjato , but is ultimately disarmed and pinned to the ground . Before Shredder can finish Leonardo off , Splinter appears and challenges him to a fight . Splinter reveals to the Shredder , he knows he is in fact Oroku Saki , and that they met many years ago at the home of Hamato Yoshi . Splinter challenges him to remove the cowardly mask that he has been using to hide his shameful wound . Saki removes his mask and touches his scar , remembering how Splinter gave it to him . The Shredder then charges Splinter , who using a nunchaku , ensnares Shredder 's yari , leaving him to dangle precariously over the roof 's edge . In desperation , Shredder throws a knife from his belt , but when Splinter reaches up to catch it , his grip is released and the Shredder falls into the back of a garbage truck . Casey then pulls the lever to activate the compactor , crushing the Shredder . As the police arrive on the scene , the teens inform them on where all the stolen goods can be found . On the roof , the Turtles reunite with Splinter and , while trying to come up with a proper word to cheer with , Splinter suggests the phrase " Cowabunga . " The Turtles unanimously agree , and Splinter declares , " I made a funny ! " as the film ends .
XVI neutral her ; Louis negative her ; du neutral her <$> { { plot } } Fourteen - year - old Maria Antonia Josephina Joanna is the beautiful , charming , and naïve youngest daughter of Austrian empress Maria Theresa . In 1768 , she is selected by her mother to marry the Dauphin of France , Louis XVI , thereby sealing an alliance between the two rival countries . Marie Antoinette travels to France , relinquishing all connections with her home country , and meets Louis XV and her future husband , the Dauphin . The two are married shortly thereafter . They are encouraged to produce an heir as soon as possible , but the next day it is reported that " nothing happened " on their wedding night . As time passes , Marie Antoinette begins to find life at the court of Versailles stifling . Her husband 's courtiers disdain her as a foreigner – an Austrian , no less – and consistently blame her for not having produced an heir . The French court is rife with gossip , and Marie Antoinette consistently ruffles feathers by defying its ritualistic formality . Over the years , Maria Theresa continues to write to her daughter , giving advice on how to impress and seduce the Dauphin . She also advises her to stop snubbing Madame du Barry , Louis XV 's mistress , who is widely disliked at court , as this is akin to criticizing the King 's behavior . Marie Antoinette finally speaks to Madame du Barry , remarking at a reception that , " There are a lot of people at Versailles today . " Marie Antoinette gradually begins to adjust to her new life , surrounding herself with a few close confidantes . She finds solace in buying elaborate gowns and shoes , eating lavish pastries , and gambling with her ladies . One night , she , her husband , and some friends go incognito to a masked ball in Paris , where she meets Count Axel von Fersen , a Swedish count . When his predecessor dies , Louis XVI is crowned king of France , and both he and his wife express fear at being too young and inexperienced to reign . Despite the growing poverty and unrest among the French working class , Marie Antoinette maintains her extravagant lifestyle , while Louis continues to invest in foreign conflicts such as the American Revolution , sending France further and further into debt . Marie Antoinette 's brother , the Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II comes to visit , counseling her against her constant parties and associations , advice that she ignores . Joseph then meets the King at the Royal Zoo and explains to him the " mechanics " of sexual intercourse in terms of " key - making " – as one of the King 's favorite hobbies is locksmithing . That night , the King and Marie Antoinette have sex for the first time , and on December 18 , 1778 , the young queen gives birth to a girl , Marie Thérèse . As the baby princess grows up , Marie Antoinette spends much of her time at the Petit Trianon , a small chateau on the grounds of Versailles . It is also at this time that she begins an alleged affair with von Fersen . As France 's fiscal crisis worsens , food shortages and riots become commonplace . Marie Antoinette 's image with her subjects has completely deteriorated by this point : her luxurious lifestyle and seeming indifference to the struggles of the masses earn her the title Madame Déficit . Beginning to mature , she focuses less on her social life and more on her family , and makes what she considers to be some significant financial adjustments . A few months after her mother 's death in November 1780 , Marie Antoinette gives birth to a boy , Louis - Joseph , the new Dauphin . She also gives birth to a second daughter , Sophie , who dies shortly thereafter . As the French Revolution begins to erupt , the royal family resolves to stay in France , unlike much of the nobility . Rioting Parisians force the family to leave Versailles for Paris . The film ends with the royal family 's transference to the Tuileries . The last image is a shot of the Queen 's bedroom , destroyed by looters .
Frank positive Cathy ; Cathy positive Raymond <$> In 1957 suburban Connecticut , Cathy Whitaker , appears to be the perfect wife , mother , and homemaker . Cathy is married to Frank , a successful executive at Magnatech , a company selling television advertising . One evening Cathy receives a phone call from the local police who are holding her husband . He says it 's all a mix up but they wo n't let him leave alone . Cathy is preparing for her annual party with her best friend , Eleanor Fine . One day Cathy spies an unknown black man walking through her yard . He turns out to be Raymond Deagan , the son of Cathy 's late gardener . Frank finds himself forced to stay late at the office , swamped with work . One evening , however , he enters an underground bar filled with single men . One night when Frank is working late , Cathy decides to bring his dinner to him at the office . She walks in on him passionately kissing another man . Frank confesses having had " problems " as a young man , and agrees to sign up for conversion therapy . His relationship with Cathy is irreparably strained , however ; and he turns to alcohol . Meanwhile , Cathy starts becoming better acquainted with Raymond . One night , after a party , Frank attempts to make love to Cathy . He is unable to become aroused and strikes Cathy when she tries to console him . Cathy finds herself completely unable to comprehend the destruction of her marriage . As she sees her once - idyllic world begin to fall apart , she turns to Raymond for comfort . He takes her on a ride to his part of the town where she meets other black people . At a gas station , they are sighted together by one of Cathy 's neighbors , who immediately tells everyone . The town is soon ablaze with gossip about the two of them . After her husband comes home furious , Cathy unwillingly breaks off her blossoming friendship with Raymond . Over Christmas , Cathy takes her family on a vacation to Miami to take their minds off of things . At the hotel , Frank has another sexual encounter with a young man . Unable to suppress his desires , he seeks a divorce from Cathy . Cathy is later informed by their maid Sybil that Raymond 's daughter was attacked by three white boys . Cathy comes to their home to find them packing up and moving to Baltimore . Now that Cathy is to be single , she presents the opportunity for them to be together . Raymond declines . " I 've learned my lesson about mixing the two worlds , " he says . In the last scene , Cathy goes to the train station to see off Raymond and say her silent goodbye to him .
Kate negative Ray ; Ray negative Jimmy ; Jimmy neutral Traci <$> Living in the backwoods of Texas is the dysfunctional and apparently incestuous West family : a psychotic war veteran father , Ray ( [ [ John Savage , a compliant wife , Kate , and a 19 - year - old son , Jimmy ; who is relegated to a warehouse outside the family home . Ray and Kate seem to be a normal couple running their bar , raising their two sons , but as they return home from work Ray turns violent and abusive . At his insistence Kate and Jimmy have a supposedly incestuous relationship . Ray goes even so far as to call Jimmy " Little boy blue " and to shout that ' he knows ' Jimmy likes it . As it turns out , during Jimmy 's conversation with his girlfriend , Traci , , he rejects a full scholarship for college . He can not leave his brothers [ sons ] with his father . He explains that if he is not there Ray will take all his rage onto his little brothers , which he finds not tenable . Traci can understand that , but she can not give up her own future , and so they eventually break up . The movie ends with their probable re-engagement . In the course of the events it becomes clear that Ray harbors a secret he can not share with anyone . When a stranger appears in his bar and wants to befriend Ray , the latter gets suspicious and in and attempts to knock down the man . He kills someone who appears to be a private detective . Jimmy [ the son ] starts becoming suspicious about his father being a murderer and one night when Kate visits him in the warehouse he asks her to take the boys and leave Ray for good . She declines for reason of panic . Kate explains that she can not imagine what she can do in such a frightening place , unbeknownst to her . Ray enters the warehouse and upon seeing Kate in Jimmy 's arms he generates ' a ruckus , and insists that Kate and he should tell Jimmy the truth . Kate manages to calm him down , but Jimmy is still too frustrated and the next morning he goes to Traci 's place to talk to her and to say his final goodbye . She listens to his shocking story about Ray 's abusive behavior and is startled when Jimmy says that he can not leave his own sons with such a Vietnam - traumatised monster . He leaves her house and goes back to his place . On his way he is stopped by Ray who takes advantage of the absence of Kate and the boys and tells Jimmy that he needs to know who he really is and why he keeps on calling Jimmy " Little boy blue " . Figuring out where Ray is going Jimmy wants to stop him and a fight is started for which Ray is obviously ready and has been expecting it all along . A few days after that Jimmy is nowhere to be seen a mysterious woman appears in town looking for her private detective . As the police interrogate her the secret unfolds about Ray , Jimmy and herself . Years ago she had met Ray when she , her husband and their newborn baby where driving their family minivan and Ray needed a ride . While Ray had complemented them on their beautiful baby - boy and conducted a cheerful , friendly conversation , she was reading a book to her son , without any hint of what was coming . Hours after they had picked up Ray , she was tied to a tree , beaten severely , her partner killed and watching as Ray walked away with her son , got into the minivan and drove away . As she breaks into tears while telling the story , she does not forget to mention that " it was 19 years ago and that nobody helped her then and did not find her son . " The police send her to her motel room and guard her so she will not do anything " stupid " before they get an order to interrogate Ray , but she slips away at night and goes directly to Ray 's house . With the boys out at the lake and Kate out in the warehouse to find a hint where Jimmy might have gone , Ray wakes up to find her pointing a gun to his head . While he starts mumbling that she has got the wrong person , that he has not done anything bad to her , she shoots him several times and heads to the warehouse where Kate is hiding near Jimmy 's bed . As the woman starts looking around the place , she finds the " Little boy blue " book lying on the table and breaks into tears . Right then she hears Kate crying , too , and without any remorse shoots her dead as well . The boys , who had been hiding under the house , run towards the warehouse , but are stopped by a police officer , who had come to find the woman . She comes out of the warehouse waving her gun at the officer and as she is about to shoot , she is shot dead by the policeman . The boys spend the night in the police car , and in the morning the elder brother remembers that their father had been recently working a lot around their minivan . The policeman sets everyone to work and as the minivan and the soil under it are removed they find doors in the ground . As the doors are opened , the viewer gets an inside look at unconscious Jimmy tied up to the wooden shelves like on a cross , all bloody and bruised . As the ambulance is cutting the ropes and placing him in the ambulance car , Jimmy has a vision of his future . There he is a policeman , married to Traci , playing with his sons and his newborn baby in the park . As he slowly wakes up from his dreams , he hears his sons calling his name and assuring them that everything 's okay and that he is never going to leave them , Jimmy smiles . The final scene shows the ambulance car drive away as the credits start to roll .
Neha negative Zenobia <$> Summary : This movie is about four pairs who meet accidentally in a Mumbai bar called Mumbai Salsa and get hooked on each other for life . It captures the urban qualities of life and love . Maya Chandhok lives a wealthy lifestyle in Delhi along with her parents . Refusing to buckle down to her mother 's demands to get married , she re-locates to Kolkata , obtains her MBA , and then goes to reside in Mumbai where she gets a job in a bank , and shares a flat with two room - mates , Zenobia and Neha . She meets with Sanjay and both fall in love . Then one day he dramatically and publicly dumps her . A few days later she meets with Rajeev Sharma , who is heartbroken after his fiancée , Pooja , dumped him to re-locate to America , and both are attracted to each other . She is delighted when he proposes to her , but her delight turns sour when he asks her to re-locate with him to Singapore , drop her career , and be a home - maker for the rest of her life . Maya must now make up her mind amidst chaos and heartbreak that also threaten to tear apart lives of both Neha and Zenobia , who are also dating Rajeev 's friends , Karan Kapoor and Shaji , while conservative Tyagraj , Rajeev 's pal , struggles with his feelings about a much liberated Caucasian co-worker , Pamela .
Thommy positive Pattelar <$> Thommy , a Christian migrant labourer from Kerala is an obedient slave of his aggressive , tyrannical landlord Bhaskara Pattelar . Thommy obeys all the orders of his master , whether it is to make his own wife sexually available to his master or in killing Pattelar 's kindly wife , Saroja . When Pattelar escapes to a jungle , due to his own deeds , Thommy escorts him like a pet . But when Pattelar gets killed Thommy exults in freedom .
Moon neutral he <$> Moon is a down - to - earth young woman who happens to be one of the most popular adult film stars . She finds no fault in using her sexuality as a means of profit . While she is in the process of renewing her contract , her personal life remains a delicate issue as her father suffers from Parkinson 's disease and a blind date remains hesitant to get close to Moon after learning of her profession . Moon 's friend Jessie hires her to fidelity test her boyfriend , Moon agrees and decides to offer the same to other women . One of the women hires her to test her husband and Moon goes in to pretend to buy a car from the husband , a man named Terry , and offers sex for a deal on the car . When he agrees to it , they start fooling around and she excuses herself to the bathroom , and sneaks out . He follows her out and she inadvertently reveals that she was hired to test him by his wife . He gets angry , begging her not to tell his wife , saying he 'll pay more and starts attacking her car , threatening her . The film cuts to scenes of a younger Moon starting out in the business . Moon starts to re-evaluate her life with the idea of starting over afresh and tells Aronson , who was interviewing two new potential porn stars , that she 's an adult now and has to make better choices with herself and life . During this whole time , Moon has been having difficulty with her father who starts leaving the house and being brought back by the police and it appears that she is being watched from afar . After Moon leaves Aronson 's place she is approached by Terry who is obviously angry that Moon told his wife about his infidelity . He attacks and threatens her with a knife saying she owes him , that she ruined his life and she needs to make it up to him . Moon tells him she quit the business . He throws her to the ground and forces himself on her . When she fights him , Terry tells her he followed her and he knows all about her . He threatens her father 's safety , telling her to stop fighting him . He rapes her and as he 's kissing her , Moon headbutts him , breaking his nose and throws him off of her . She runs out and as the film ends she goes over to see Kip .
Taylor neutral Hopper ; Smith positive Susan ; Smith negative Paine ; Taylor neutral Paine ; Smith positive Senate ; Taylor negative Smith ; Senate negative Paine <$> The governor of an unnamed western state , Hubert " Happy " Hopper , has to pick a replacement for recently deceased U.S. Senator Sam Foley . His corrupt political boss , Jim Taylor ( [ [ Edward Arnold , pressures Hopper to choose his handpicked stooge , while popular committees want a reformer , Henry Hill . The governor 's children want him to select Jefferson Smith , the head of the Boy Rangers . Unable to make up his mind between Taylor 's stooge and the reformer , Hopper decides to flip a coin . When it lands on edge – and next to a newspaper story on one of Smith 's accomplishments – he chooses Smith , calculating that his wholesome image will please the people while his naïveté will make him easy to manipulate . Junior Senator Smith is taken under the wing of the publicly esteemed , but secretly crooked , Senator Joseph Paine , who was Smith 's late father 's oldest and best friend . Smith develops an immediate attraction to the senator 's daughter , Susan . At Senator Paine 's home , Smith has a conversation with Susan , fidgeting and bumbling , entranced by the young socialite . Smith 's naïve and honest nature allows the unforgiving Washington press to take advantage of him , quickly tarnishing Smith 's reputation with ridiculous front page pictures and headlines branding him a bumpkin . To keep Smith busy , Paine suggests he propose a bill . With the help of his secretary , Clarissa Saunders , who was the aide to Smith 's predecessor and had been around Washington and politics for years , Smith comes up with a bill to authorize a federal government loan to buy some land in his home state for a national boys ' camp , to be paid back by youngsters across America . Donations pour in immediately . However , the proposed campsite is already part of a dam - building graft scheme included in an appropriations bill framed by the Taylor " political machine " and supported by Senator Paine . Unwilling to crucify the worshipful Smith so that their graft plan will go through , Paine tells Taylor he wants out , but Taylor reminds him that Paine is in power primarily through Taylor 's influence . Through Paine , the machine in his state accuses Smith of trying to profit from his bill by producing fraudulent evidence that Smith already owns the land in question . Smith is too shocked by Paine 's betrayal to defend himself , and runs away . Saunders , who looked down on Smith at first , but has come to believe in him , talks him into launching a filibuster to postpone the appropriations bill and prove his innocence on the Senate floor just before the vote to expel him . In his last chance to prove his innocence , he talks non-stop for about 24 hours , reaffirming the American ideals of freedom and disclosing the true motives of the dam scheme . Yet , none of the Senators are convinced . The constituents try to rally around him , but the entrenched opposition is too powerful , and all attempts are crushed . Owing to the influence of Taylor 's machine , newspapers and radio stations in Smith 's home state , on Taylor 's orders , refuse to report what Smith has to say and even distort the facts against the senator . An effort by the Boy Rangers to spread the news in support of Smith results in vicious attacks on the children by Taylor 's minions . Although all hope seems lost , the senators begin to pay attention as Smith approaches utter exhaustion . Paine has one last card up his sleeve : he brings in bins of letters and telegrams from Smith 's home state , purportedly from average people demanding his expulsion . Nearly broken by the news , Smith finds a small ray of hope in a friendly smile from the President of the Senate ( [ [ Harry Carey . Smith vows to press on until people believe him , but immediately collapses in a faint . Overcome with guilt , Paine leaves the Senate chamber and attempts to commit suicide by shooting himself . When he is stopped , he bursts back into the Senate chamber , loudly confessing to the whole scheme , and affirms Smith 's innocence .
Susanna negative John ; Susanna negative Jimmy ; Union neutral Jimmy ; Nell neutral John <$> Idealist John Wickliff Shawnessy , a resident of Raintree County , Indiana , is distracted from his high school sweetheart Nell Gaither by a young rich New Orleans girl , Susanna Drake . He has a brief and passionate affair with Susanna while she is visiting in Raintree County . She returns to the South , but suddenly reappears to reveal that she is pregnant . John quickly marries her out of honor and duty , and Nell is heartbroken . John and Susanna initially live in the South with Susanna 's family . John is an abolitionist and does not fit well into southern society . He learns that Susanna 's mother went insane and died in a suspicious fire , along with Susanna 's father and a female slave who was intimated to be his lover . Susanna suspects that the slave may even have been her biological mother . It becomes apparent that Susanna has inherited her family 's curse of mental illness . She reveals to John that she feigned pregnancy to trick him into marriage . John and Susanna return to Freehaven in Raintree County , Indiana , before the outbreak of the Civil War , where John works as a teacher . They eventually have a child , Jimmy , born at the outbreak of the American Civil War . Into the third year of the Civil War , Susanna develops severe paranoia and delusions . She flees Indiana , taking their young son , Jimmy , with her and seeks refuge among her family in the South . John becomes determined to find her and his son , Jimmy , and enlists in the Union Army , in hopes that he will cross paths with Susanna and Jimmy . He fights in Tennessee and Georgia , and he eventually finds Jimmy and learns that Susanna has been placed in an insane asylum . He is wounded while carrying Jimmy back to Northern lines and then is discharged from the Union Army . John searches for Susanna , finds her in dreadful circumstances in a lunatic asylum and returns with her to Raintree County . News reaches Raintree County that the South has surrendered , and shortly thereafter that Abraham Lincoln has been assassinated . John contemplates his future , and Nell urges him to run for political office . Susanna recognizes that John and Nell still love each other deeply , and she decides to sacrifice herself to make way for John to pursue his career and consummate his love with Nell . She runs into the nearby swamp in the middle of the night to drown herself . Her four - year old son follows her . The search party eventually finds her body , and John and Nell find Jimmy lying asleep at the foot of the legendary Rain Tree of Raintree County .
Jean positive Irene ; Jean positive he ; Jean positive her ; Gilles positive Irene ; Agnès neutral he <$> Jean , a waiter at a luxury hotel , pretends to be a millionaire and awakens the interest of Irène , a gold digger who convinces wealthy men to pay her bills . Irene 's elderly lover gets drunk and falls asleep on her birthday , so she goes to the bar in the hotel where she and Jean meet . After making her impressive cocktails , he takes her up to the hotel 's imperial suite where they spend the night . A year later Irène returns to her hotel with Jacques , who asks her to marry him . Later that day Jean and Irène sleep together again but Jacques sees them and breaks off the engagement . Irène returns to Jean pretending she gave up Jacques to be with him , but they are discovered in the imperial suite . When Irène discovers who Jean really is , she escapes . However , Jean is in love and follows her , finding her at Côte d'Azur . Pursuing her , he spends all the money to his name to pay for her presence , including his savings and pension plan , until he uses his final euro for " 10 more seconds " . When she leaves him for richer men and he is left with a hotel bill he ca n't pay , he is picked up by a wealthy widow and assumes the lifestyle of the one he pursues . Now that they are " equals " , Irène teaches Jean the tricks of gold - digging and he soon wheedles a € 30,000 watch from his wealthy sponsor Madeleine , because he sulked after she forced him to have plastic surgery on his ear . Paying hard to get , Jean continues to prove himself a skillful gold digger when Madeleine later gives him a scooter . Jean and Irène steal away from their sponsors at every chance they get , getting designer clothes and fancy food , until , on the morning of Irene 's departure to Venice with her lover Gilles , he catches Irène and Jean kissing on the hotel room balcony . Furious , Gilles leaves Irene with nothing but a sarong and the swim suit she is wearing . Jean sells his watch to buy Irene a week 's stay in their hotel and a gorgeous evening gown . He also gives her an invitation to a party which they both attend . Jean 's patron Madeleine is at first furious with Jean for selling his watch , but calms down and is pleased when Jean gives her a beautiful pair of earrings he had also bought with the money . At the party that evening , Irène sees Jacques again , but finds out he has new young girlfriend , Agnès . Whilst stealing a dance with Jean , Irène hatches a plan to win Jacques back again with Jean 's connivance . Even though Madeleine dumps Jean , he pretends to be a wealthy prince and seduce Agnès , taking her up to his room across from where Irène is sitting , talking to Jacques . However , when Irène first sees Jean with Agnès on the balcony she realizes she loves Jean . She runs away from Jacques to Jean 's room , abandoning her last chance with Jacques and a glamorous lifestyle , and declares her feelings for Jean . The movie ends with Irène and Jean riding off to Italy on his scooter , using the euro coin for the toll fee .
Anne neutral Olivia ; Gateworth neutral Olivia ; Tim positive Olivia ; Tim negative Gateworth ; Tim neutral Brooke ; Tim negative McGill ; McGill neutral Olivia <$> Young yachting captain Tim Whalen is having an affair with Brooke Morrison , the wife of his boss , Granger Morrison ( [ [ Brian Davies , in the upscale town of Southampton , Long Island . Tim is the new captain of Granger 's racing sailboat Obsession . Young heiress Olivia Lawrence , following the recent death of her mother , returns home to Southampton after graduating from college . At a party , Olivia is introduced to Tim , who asks her to dance . Impressed with her knowledge of sailing , Tim asks her to go sailing with him , and she accepts . Olivia is living in the family mansion with her alcoholic stepfather , Tony Gateworth ( [ [ John Glover , and his new live - in girlfriend , Anne Briscoe . Her mother 's will provided that Gateworth retain access to the family 's eight properties . Olivia has nothing but contempt for her stepfather , who married her mother for her money . At her family attorney 's office in New York City , Olivia learns she can not restrict Gateworth 's access to her homes , and the nearly one million dollars a year he receives from the estate barely covers his gambling debts . Olivia and Tim go sailing on her boat Masquerade , which was her late father 's pride and joy . Later , at Olivia 's mansion , they are confronted by a drunk Gateworth who insults Tim , his former sailing competitor . In the coming days , Olivia and Tim begin dating and eventually fall in love . Olivia 's newfound happiness , however , is soon offset by another ugly confrontation with Gateworth who tells her as her " guardian " he wants Tim out of her life . Olivia confides to her aunt that Tim is the first man she 's felt comfortable with and that he is n't interested in her money . Later that day , at a lobster house on the outskirts of town , Gateworth and Tim meet surreptitiously to discuss their conspiracy to murder Olivia for her money . When Tim expresses doubts , Gateworth threatens to expose his past . He tells him the next step is to gain Olivia 's confidence by having Tim defend her against him . That weekend , Olivia and Tim have passionate sex in the mansion . Afterwards , a drunken Gateworth breaks into Olivia 's room as planned , but Tim kills him with his own pistol . Believing they will be accused of murdering Gateworth , Olivia covers up Tim 's role in the killing by claiming she killed Gateworth in self defense . Tim establishes an alibi with an unsuspecting Brooke by resetting her bedside clock . During the investigation , Officer Mike McGill — a childhood friend with a romantic interest in Olivia — finds evidence that Tim may have been involved in the killing , but he does not report it to his captain , presumably because of his feelings for Olivia . Gateworth 's girlfriend , Anne Briscoe , begins questioning the investigation 's findings , and tells the authorities about Olivia and Tim . Meanwhile , Tim breaks up with Brooke , who later confirms Tim 's alibi to the police . Not long after Anne Briscoe informs McGill that her friend saw Gateworth at a diner with Tim , she is found hanged in an apparent suicide . McGill requests an autopsy . While sailing aboard Masquerade , Olivia asks Tim to marry her , but he is reluctant , telling her he once spent 30 days in jail for writing bad checks . He also tells her about his affair with Brooke Morrison . His " honestly " convinces Olivia he is the right man , and the couple are soon married . Later , Olivia reveals she is pregnant . That night , Tim drives to the marina where he meets secretly with McGill , who was part of the original conspiracy — who in fact planned everything . Tim is reluctant about killing Olivia , but McGill insists she must die in a staged car accident . He threatens to put Tim away for Gateworth 's murder if he does n't cooperate . When McGill learns that Tim has no intention of killing Olivia and that they are planning to sail for Florida on Masquerade the next day , he sabotages Olivia 's sailboat and plants incriminating evidence in Tim 's linen drawer . Tim discovers McGill 's treachery and races to the marina to save Olivia , but is killed in the gas explosion meant to kill Olivia . In the marina office afterwards , Olivia discovers a newspaper clipping with a picture of Tim , Gateworth , and McGill , just as McGill enters the office . Seeing that she has figured out the conspiracy , he tries to kill her . In the ensuing struggle , Olivia pushes McGill out a window causing his death . At Tim 's funeral , Olivia learns from her family attorney that Tim recently insisted he be removed from Olivia 's will , and however it may have started , he came to love Olivia in the end . < ref nameBob Swaim | titleDVD | publisherCalifornia | yearhttp : / / www.imdb.com/title/tt0095599/ } }
Roberts neutral Brant ; Weiss negative Dunlop ; Weiss negative Brant ; Nash negative Brant ; Roberts negative Weiss ; Roberts negative Dunlop ; Weiss neutral Stokes ; Brant negative Stokes ; Dunlop neutral Brant <$> The movie begins with Detective Sergeant Tom Brant , a hot headed police officer from a turbulent South East London police station , beating up three youngsters with a hurley , who are trying to steal a car . Brant is approached by PC Elizabeth Falls asking to help her in passing her Sergeant 's exam . Brant advises her to give it some time as she has come out of rehab recently . Falls had previously worked undercover for the drugs squad and became addicted . Brant is also warned by his superior to control his actions . It transpires during a session between Brant and a police psychologist who mentions incidents involving bugging the Superintendent 's office , beating a person unconscious in a billiards hall and the earlier assault on the three youths . Brant goes to the funeral of the Chief Inspector Roberts 's wife . The same night PC Sandra Bates is shot dead by an unknown assailant . Sgt Porter Nash is transferred from West London Branch as Acting Inspector , in place of Roberts who is on extended leave . A boy approaches PC Falls in her home and asks for help as he thinks he killed someone during a gang attack . Falls asked Brant for a favour and he gives her the name of Detective Inspector Craig Stokes ( [ [ Luke Evans . The Shooter , Barry Weiss , calls reporter Harold Dunlop and tells him that he is the killer . He asks Dunlop to pick between seven and eight and when Dunlop picks eight , Weiss tells him that 's the number of cops he will kill . Weiss walks down the street and shoots PC Theo Nelson , who is sitting in his car . The South East London station is thrown into chaos due to the shootings . Brant meets with an informant Radnor who points him in the direction of Weiss , telling him that Weiss had previously boasted about setting a police dog on fire " for practice " . Brant meets Nash and tells him about his personal problem of recurring blackouts . Nash tells him that Brant might be experiencing burn out based on his personal experience , as well as confiding that he once attacked a paedophile in his house as there was not sufficient evidence to convict him . Brant tells him about the lead and they both decide to visit Weiss . Meanwhile Chief Inspector Roberts rejoins his duty . At Weiss 's apartment Brant recognises him as the guy whom he beat in the billiards hall . Weiss panics after the visit and flees his apartment . Unknown to both parties Radnor is spying on Weiss and , on seeing Weiss leave , Radnor sifts through his rubbish and finds a parking receipt . Weiss follows Roberts to his apartment and after a struggle , he kills him by pulverising his head with a hammer . Realising his trail of forensic evidence he steals a police uniform and Roberts 's badge and burns the flat . He then calls Dunlop and tells him about the murder and that he is now calling himself Blitz . Nash informs Brant about the incident . Radnor goes to the parking garage and finds Weiss 's car . He opens it and finds trophies of his kills . He calls Dunlop and asks for £ 50,000 in exchange for revealing the killer 's identity . Falls goes to meet DI Stokes and asks him to bury the name of the boy and in return Stokes asks her out for a drink . Dunlop meets Radnor and they go the parking garage where Radnor shows him the car and the evidence in it . However Weiss sees this and quickly removes the evidence from the car . He follows them to a bar and kills Radnor in the men 's toilet before Radnor can reveal his identity to Dunlop . Dunlop tells Brant and Nash about his meeting with Radnor and the location of the parked car . When they arrive , however , the car is empty and the building 's CCTV is faulty , giving them no evidence on Weiss . Falls and Stokes meet for a drink , as Weiss watches them from across the street . In the station Brant finds out the connection between the dead police officers and Weiss . Weiss is attacking all the cops who arrested him and Falls is next in line . Stokes drops Falls at her home and says he will call her tomorrow , which Falls interprets as rejection and angrily leaves the car . Weiss attacks Falls but the boy who Falls was trying to protect interrupts and is killed instead . Brant and Nash visit Weiss 's apartment and , on finding it abandoned , decide to release his photo to the media . A taxi driver identifies him and leads the police to his location . He briefly escapes but is pursued by Brant and caught in a train yard near Paddington . Falls , traumatised by the attack , has a relapse and steals drugs from a dealer . At the station Brant , Nash and the Chief Inspector discuss that Weiss may walk due to the lack of evidence . Later Brant talks to Nash about the paedophile incident but Nash declines to talk any further . Brant taunts Weiss about his name ' Blitz ' and tells him he is nothing , but is unable to provoke him into admitting to the killings . Meanwhile Stokes finds out from his informant that Falls is stealing drugs from dealers and contacts Brant . They reach her house and find her intoxicated , then throw away the drugs and help her regain her senses . Weiss is released but placed under surveillance . He returns to his flat and changes into the police uniform stolen from Roberts 's flat , then dodges the surveillance and drives to Roberts 's funeral . There , he finds Brant and at that time Brant receives a text message and leaves . Weiss follows him to the parking garage he had previously left his evidence in . After following him up a flight of stairs , Weiss aims his pistol at Brant and tells him to face him . But when he turns around , it is Nash in the hoodie and Brant then attacks Weiss from behind with a crowbar . Weiss gloats that , given the extrajudicial beating he has just received from Brant , he will be able to successfully sue for millions due to police misconduct . As Weiss goes on gloating , Nash picks up the pistol Weiss dropped , the same gun used in the previous killings , and hands it to Brant . Weiss quickly realises Brant 's intentions and warns him how his death would be treated by the media . Brant informs him that there was no evidence , that Weiss was cleared and is no longer under police investigation , that the real ' Blitz ' was partial to people in uniform and shooting them with the same pistol he is holding . Brant then shoots him in the head . Brant and Nash leave the rooftop with Brant joking that the case might remain unsolved . The film ends with Brant releasing two dogs on Harold Dunlop .
Deveraux negative Scott ; Roberts negative Deveraux <$> { { plot | dateAlternate ending The Special Edition DVD release features an alternative ending which takes place shortly after Scott takes Deveraux 's family and Roberts hostage . As Deveraux grabs a shotgun in the kitchen , the front door opens and he sees his mother before Scott shoots her to death . In the final fight between Deveraux and Scott , Deveraux does not use Scott 's muscle enhancers . Shortly after grinding Scott to death , Deveraux is shot by his father before Dr. Christopher Gregor and his men appear . Gregor explains that he had Deveraux set up to get to him and Scott , and that Deveraux was living with people posing as his parents . He then has his men shoot down Deveraux , but before Deveraux dies , police and Roberts ' news crew arrive . The news crew douse Deveraux with a fire extinguisher to stabilize him while Dr. Gregor and his men are arrested . Roberts is given the microphone to cover the arrest , but she loses all composure while on the air , dropping the microphone to comfort Deveraux . Several days later , Deveraux is reunited with his real parents . The film ends with a eulogy narrated by Roberts , who explains that Deveraux rejected all life - prolonging medications before dying a natural death .
Christine positive Gilles <$> Gilles and Christine are attractive , sexually active teenagers from unstable homes . When they do some shop - lifting together she is arrested , but he gets away . She escapes from a mental institution and meets him at an abandoned house in the country , where a large group of rebellious teenagers are having a wild , all - night party . American rock music from the period is played prominently and has a very strong effect , especially " Me and Bobby McGee , " sung by Janis Joplin . Drugs are used , mainly pot and hash . As the party is winding down , Gilles and Christine escape even deeper into the countryside , searching for a commune where artists are said to live without electricity or running water . This is Christine 's idea , but Gilles reluctantly goes along . A jolting conclusion shows us that , as Assayas puts it , " Gilles ' real life has now begun . "
Sajjan negative Shamsher <$> Rajkumar Shamsher Singh is the only son of the local Maharaja , and has been brought up as a brat , and now he is an irresponsible , alcoholic , and womanizing adult , who wants everyone to bow down before him and his princely rank . One priest refuses to do so , and Shamsher pummels him mercilessly , in vain though . Frustrated , he asks the priest what he should with his mundane life , and the priest tells him that he should repent , sacrifice all his palatial pleasures , and live the life of a simple and ordinary man , and hence learn the true meaning of life , for at least six months . Shamsher agrees to do so , and arranges an accident with his car , which crashes down a mountain , explodes and is blown to smithereens . Everyone in the palace believe that Shamsher is dead . He goes to a nearby village , and a blind woman there mistakes him for her long - lost son and starts calling him Sajjan Singh . Shamsher decides to play along as Sajjan . Two corrupt palace officials spot Sajjan , and notice his similarity to Shamsher , and conspire with him to pose as Shamsher for a hefty sum of money , to which Sajjan agrees . When he accompanies the officials back to the palace , he is shocked to find that his father has re-married a much younger woman , Ratna , and shortly after marrying her , has died , leaving the palace and its management to her and her greedy brother . Shamsher decides to reveal his true identity , but the officials threaten to expose him to his new - found blind mother , and Shamsher knows that he is trapped in the body of Sajjan Singh , force to pose as none other than himself .
Zophael negative Danyael ; Gabriel negative Danyael ; Zophael neutral Maggie ; Maggie positive Pyriel ; Mary neutral Danyael ; Maggie negative Danyael ; Pyriel negative Danyael ; Gabriel positive Maggie <$> Danyael Rosales , a street preacher and the child of Valerie Rosales and the angel Danyael from the previous film , is forced to face his destiny . As a Nephilim , he has some of the angels ' abilities , such as regeneration , and can only be killed if his heart is removed . One night , a blind assassin shoots Danyael as he preaches before a crowd , but the assassin is driven off before he can take out Danyael 's heart . As punishment for his failure , Zophael kills the assassin and starts going after Danyael himself with an extendable bladed weapon with which he plans to use to remove Danyael 's heart , killing him for good . However , Danyael is protected by Gabriel , a now - human fallen angel who killed Danyael 's father and performed many misdeeds . After being defeated by Danyael 's mother , Gabriel was turned into a human as punishment . He has spent eighteen years as a human , and realized how wrong he was in the past so has now switched sides . Zophael manages to convince Danyael 's girlfriend Maggie to work with him on killing Danyael , but she realizes she 's on the wrong side and tries to shoot the angel . It has little effect on Zophael , and he tells her what he is . Frightened , Maggie agrees to help him , and the two catch up to Danyael on a Native American reservation , where he is going to confront Pyriel , another angel who wants to overthrow God . Danyael briefly meets Mary , a Native American woman . Mary informs Danyael that she dreamed of his coming , and that she believes he will be victorious against Pyriel . After parting from Mary , Danyael is attacked by Zophael , crashing Maggie 's truck and badly injuring her . He then faces off against Danyael in battle , and seemingly defeats him by impaling his chest with a motorcycle tailpipe , but the angel gets back up and uses his weapon to impale Danyael from behind . Before Zophael can remove Danyael 's heart , Maggie empties her gun into him , stunning him . Danyael takes his chance and removes Zophael 's heart through the hole he created earlier , finally killing him . Danyael heads off to face Pyriel , armed with Zophael 's weapon while Gabriel watches over Maggie . He confronts Pyriel , but is no match for him , although he succeeds in impaling him with Zophael 's weapon . Pyriel is about to win when God seemingly sends down a lightning bolt , electrocuting the weapon and , through it , Pyriel , weakening him . Danyael extends the blade into its prong form and removes Pyriel 's heart with it , killing him and apparently ending the war in Heaven . He returns to Gabriel and Maggie , who is on the verge of death . Maggie is saved when Gabriel is given a second chance and becomes an angel again ; he heals her wounds on his way back to Heaven .
Caroline neutral Jack ; Alex positive Jack ; Ron positive Caroline ; she neutral Jack ; she negative Caroline ; Ron negative she ; Jinx neutral Jack <$> { { Plot } } Michael Keaton and Teri Garr play Jack and Caroline Butler , a middle class couple with three kids - Kenny , Alex , and Megan - living in the suburbs of Detroit , Michigan during the Early 1980s recession . Jack is the breadwinner while Caroline is a stay - at - home mom . He and his two friends , Larry and Stan , lose their engineering jobs at an automobile manufacturer . Though the auto industry is in a slump , they bet that he can get a job before Caroline , but he loses as she is hired by an ad agency and he has to stay at home with the kids . With Caroline at work , Jack discovers he is clueless about how to manage a household . He falls into depression as his ego and the household fall apart , most infamously fighting with the vacuum cleaner , which was nicknamed " Jaws " by Caroline , while Alex gives Megan a can of chili unbeknownst to him , and when she eats the whole thing , the inevitable happens . He begins socializing a lot with the housewives in his neighborhood , sharing poker games and workout routines with them . Caroline struggles with being back in the workforce and successfully pitches an innovative idea to a hard - to - please client . The president of the company is pleased and wants her to fly to Los Angeles to help shoot the commercial . In the meantime , Jack has snapped out of his depression , getting the house and kids under control . His former employer invites him back for a chance to interview again for his old job , but he finds that his former boss , Jinx Latham , betrayed his reputation in favor of his own so as to make himself look good in the process . He lectures them on such dirty practices and storms out , but not before threatening Jinx with a knockout punch should he ever speak sharply to Alex again . The neighborhood housewives surprise him unpleasantly with a visit to a strip club to take his mind off of things . Throughout the film , both Jack and Caroline find themselves fending off the lascivious advances of others . Her boss , Ron Richardson , tries to convince her to leave Jack and marry him instead , while in his case , one of their mutual friends , Joan , tries to seduce him in a less direct manner . Caroline leaves her family on Halloween to go on a business trip . After a successful commercial shoot in Los Angeles , she relaxes in her hotel bathtub ; Ron takes this opportunity to sneak into her room with champagne . Back home , Jack tries calling her at this exact moment so the kids could talk to her , but Ron picks up the phone instead . He hangs up , therefore Jack is thinking she is having an affair with him . She , not knowing what has just transpired via the phone , confronts him and fends off his attempts to seduce her ; she ends up punching him in the nose and quitting her job . The next day dawns with a couple of household repair people in the home to fix a broken TV and spray for bugs . Joan stops by and while Jack is upstairs in the bathroom . She makes herself at home in their bedroom . Realizing that she wants to sleep with him , Jack begins running through a list of reasons why he should not have an affair with her . Caroline arrives home unexpectedly , surprising Joan on the bed , and after a confrontation of words , she leaves . Caroline takes her place on the bed . Jack , not realizing she is home , comes back to the bedroom . They talk over the misunderstandings that occurred concerning Ron and Joan 's advances and reunite as a stronger couple . Ron stops by the house , begging her to come back to his company , as the client has demanded that only she can properly handle his account . However , she expresses how much she missed spending time with her children . Jinx also comes begging for Jack to return to work . He had made too many cuts in his design team and is now in danger of losing his job . Alex says something to his father while Jinx is talking and he yells at him , at which point Jack makes good on his earlier promise and punches him in the face . Jack accepts his old job back with the demand being accepted that Larry and Stan will have theirs back . As Jack and Caroline are sitting on the steps inside the home with the kids , with Jinx and Ron in the background talking with the TV repairwoman and exterminator , they are again a happy family . On the newly repaired TV , the viewer sees the commercial Caroline helped produce .
he positive Swapna ; Rahul negative Swapna ; Deepak neutral Swapna <$> Swapna is a NRI who has come to India for a visit along with her grandfather . Kameshwar rao is on a pilgrimage to Kaasi on the request of his grandmother as he had completed graduation successfully . Kamesh sees Swapna at a railway station and falls in love with her at the first sight . Swapna along with her grandfather leave for their relative 's place in a hurry without giving a chance for Swapna to inform Rahul , but somehow Swapna places a note in Rahul 's wallet before leaving . When Swapna goes to her relative 's house she learns that it was her engagement which is being arranged and is upset . Her father comes in between for the engagement and stops it as the relatives had actually cheated them on business due to which Swapna 's uncle succumbs to a cardiac arrest . After one year Kamesh is in hunt for his love , so he decides to go to the USA . For this purpose he gets into a software company as an engineer so that he can somehow get to the US on a work permit . The story unfolds in such a way that he goes to the US and is working under Deepak , who is Swapna 's cousin . Deepak wants to marry Swapna , and Swapna almost compromises in marrying Deepak . The climax anyway sees Kamesh meeting his love and winning it . And so the film ends with a happy note .
Harley positive his <$> Troy " Slam " Slamsky is a viral video guru who is a huge hit on Mespacetube.com . His nagging girlfriend Miranda wants him to take his skills and growing fan base into the real world and get a job in advertising . She is tired of living in their less than modest apartment , and sees Slam 's talent as the ticket out . Slam is only interested in making his short movies , getting stoned with his best friend Harlan " Harley " Lovecraft , and someday visiting Cleveland . After a series of disagreements and the discovery that Miranda is two - timing Slam with rich snob Tyler , Slam is suddenly on his own . He soon encounters the gorgeous Erica . She is a huge fan of Slam and his work . It is n't long before the two are an item . She connects him with her uncle , Johnny Scarano , a gentleman 's club owner with mob ties . Slam and Harley go on a full - fledged commercial shooting spree hyping Scarano 's club . Slam is suddenly in the money and very much in love with Erica . Slam 's produced videos , as well as the ones playing in his mind , are revealed in comedy sketches that are interjected throughout the film .
Shakespeare negative Anne ; Shakespeare positive Herbert ; Wilkins neutral Lucie ; Shakespeare positive Wilkins ; Wilkins positive Herbert ; Herbert neutral Lucie <$> 1609 : Shakespeare is struggling to complete his sonnets while plague rages . He sees the body of a young child and remembers the moment in 1596 when he learned of the illness of his son Hamnet while rehearsing a play in London . Returning to Stratford - upon - Avon he was subjected to abuse from his shrewish wife Anne for neglecting them by living in the capital . His son died , and an embarrassing argument between his father John and Anne disrupted the funeral . John later told him that the family was in financial difficulties . William agreed to pay off the debt , but to do so he had to return to London . 1597 : Shakespeare receives a bag of money from Mary Sidney , Countess of Pembroke , for writing the procreation sonnets , to encourage her son , the young William Herbert to marry . He meets the young aristocrat and becomes strangely attracted to him . Herbert says that he will meet Shakespeare again when he comes to London . Disturbed by his attraction to the youth , Shakespeare gets drunk in a brothel run by his friend George Wilkins . Wilkins tempts him with a new dusky - skinned " half caste " called Lucie , just come from France . Shakespeare has sex with her . At a performance of Hamlet , Herbert and his young friends meet up with Shakespeare . They are keen to experience the seedy side of London life , so Shakespeare takes them to Wilkins ' brothel . There they enjoy the pleasures on offer but Herbert is shocked to see Wilkins help some men to beat up one of the girls . Shakespeare tells him to ignore it and that the girl is being punished for giving a client syphilis . Shakespeare becomes increasingly close to Herbert and entranced by him , but discovers that his rival Ben Jonson is now one of Herbert 's cronies . He also becomes more deeply involved with Lucie . Lucie tells him that she is leaving Wilkins . She now has her own place paid for by another client . She tells him that she likes him best . Later , he visits Herbert 's house , but is brushed off by a servant . He realises that Herbert is avoiding him . He follows him and discovers that Lucie has become Herbert 's mistress , and that he pays for her lodging . Embittered , he writes Measure for Measure . He meets Herbert again at a performance of the play . He learns that Lucie has gone back to France . The two part awkwardly . A new outbreak of plague leads to the closure of the theatres . Shakespeare , Richard Burbage and William Kempe discuss the options for their acting troupe . However , Shakespeare starts to notice worrying signs of illness on his body . He returns to Stratford to get a diagnosis from John Hall and is told that he does not have the plague , but he does have syphilis . He writes up his sonnets for publication .
Cassidy negative Place ; Place neutral Mackinley <$> Twenty years after his disappearance in 1908 , an aged Butch Cassidy , living under the assumed name James Blackthorn in a secluded village in Bolivia , decides to end his long exile and return to the United States after learning of the death of Etta Place . He writes to her son , Ryan , who is in fact his own son , telling him he intends to return . After years of raising horses and living a solitary life , Blackthorn sets off for Potosí to sell his horses . He tells his lover , Yana , that he will see her again before leaving Bolivia . At Potosí , Blackthorn withdraws his savings from the bank , sells his horses , and then heads back to his village . Along the way , he is ambushed and nearly killed . He shoots his attacker , but not before Blackthorn 's horse , Cinco , bolts off with his money . The shooter is Eduardo Apodaca , a Spaniard mining engineer who claims he was shooting at pursuers . He begs Blackthorn to save him , and offers to share part of the $ 50,000 he stole from Simón Patiño , a powerful Bolivian industrialist and mine owner . The money is hidden in an abandoned mine , and he will compensate Blackthorn for his help . Blackthorn and the Spaniard set out across the desert plateau with Patiño 's posse within a day 's pursuit . They reach the abandoned mine and find the money , but the posse catches up with them . Following a shootout , Blackthorn and the Spaniard escape with the money . They make their way to Blackthorn 's cabin , where the famous outlaw remembers his old friendships with the Sundance Kid and Etta Place , and how they escaped from Pinkerton Detective Mackinley . Yana joins the men at the cabin , and Blackthorn gives her a pocket watch he won in a card game . At first she rejects it as a " gringo machine " , but then accepts the gift as something to remember him by . Later , Yana returns to the cabin to stay with Blackthorn on his last night before leaving . The next morning , two female members of the posse come to the cabin looking for the Spaniard , and in the ensuing gunfight , Blackthorn is wounded , and Yana is killed . A heartbroken Blackthorn and the Spaniard leave with the rest of the posse not far behind . They set out across the Uyuni salt flats , hoping to reach the coast where Blackthorn can find a boat to take him home . Halfway across , the posse catches up to them , but Blackthorn and the Spaniard split up and are able to kill their pursuers and escape . When he reaches Tupiza , Blackthorn is treated by a doctor , who notifies former Pinkerton Detective Mackinley — now living a quiet life in Bolivia — of his famous patient . Mackinley confirms the man 's identity . For years Mackinley claimed that the two bandits killed at San Vincente were not Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , and now he will finally be proven correct . But after initially notifying the Bolivian army of the discovered outlaw , Mackinley changes his mind , returns Blackthorn 's pistol , and helps him escape . When Mackinley later discovers that Blackthorn was involved with the Spaniard , he reveals the truth to him about the Spaniard and his pursuers . Apparently , the $ 50,000 the Spaniard stole was not from the powerful mine owner , Patiño , but from the mining families who recently took control of the mines . The Spaniard stole the money from " the people " — something Butch Cassidy would never have done . Although disgusted with Blackthorn 's involvement , he does not betray him . Blackthorn tracks the Spaniard into the Andes , with the Bolivian army not far behind . When Blackthorn catches up with him and confronts him with the truth , the Spaniard does not deny it , saying the money he stole was indeed from the mine owners — just " different owners " . Blackthorn shoots the Spaniard in the leg and leaves him and the money for the Bolivian army , who soon arrive and kill the thief . Blackthorn escapes across the mountains , remembering his life and friends in better days . < ref nameMateo Gil | titleDVD | publisherLos Angeles | date } }
his positive Henry ; Cheri negative his ; Mary negative Joel ; his positive Jack ; Henry negative Amy ; Cheri neutral Jack <$> At a dinner celebrating their father Henry Meyerwitz 's 70th birthday , tensions among the four Meyerwitz siblings explode thanks to the success of the youngest son , Nathan 's , new novel , a thinly veiled portrait of the family . The best - selling expose reveals the oldest , " responsible " son , Jack , as a porn addict , the daughter , Cheri , as a catty drama queen , and the third son , Joel , as a living disaster with a loony plan to change his life around . The film takes place over the course of a single day . Jack , who 's a struggling architect , is stressed about his future along with the well - being of his wife and unborn son . Cheri , the out - of - work actress , wants to sue Nathan for damages since she is unable to get work . Joel , the incompetent lawyer , juggles mounting financial troubles while maintaining a relationship with his client Mary . Nathan , the writer of Peep World , finds little happiness with his recent success due to the ongoing turmoil he caused with his family . After Jack 's wife Laura discovers him masturbating in an adult video store , she reconsiders her trust . Cheri continues to rant about the book and upcoming movie , but decides to attend the dinner with her religious friend Ephraim . Joel misses Mary 's divorce hearing , and calls Jack after his car breaks down . After being given a shot for premature ejaculation issues , Nathan inadvertently causes a scene during his book signing with an unwanted erection . After his publicist Meg helps him " relieve " his problem , she reluctantly accompanies him to his father 's birthday dinner . The four siblings meet at the restaurant along with their mother Marilyn . When their father finally arrives , everyone is surprised when he introduces his new girlfriend Amy . Who is not only young , but the actress playing Cheri in the film adaptation of the book . The family gets into several fights during dinner . Most of them concerning their father , and his attitude towards his children . Henry deems his children ungrateful and jealous of his success , and reveals that Amy is pregnant . Marilyn , the soft - spoken mother , tries to calls out her family 's behavior by claiming that they always blamed someone else for their problems . The dinner ends abruptly when Henry chokes on a piece of food . Jack performs CPR , and the family rush to the hospital . While waiting , the four siblings finally shell out their problems towards each other . After Cheri says , " What do we do if he dies " , Jack replies , " We 'll live " . A doctor appears to give the family news . The narrator then explains that Henry Meyerwitz unintentionally got his family together , though he almost died for that to occur .
Blake positive Carla <$> The film opens with Carla Bennett and Lou waiting in front of a New York building where their boyfriends live . In conversing , they find out Blake Allen is their duplicitous boyfriend . In the first minutes of the film Blake is revealed to be a narcissistic actor , dating both of them on the side while claiming to visit his ill mother on the other days . The women wait for Blake inside his loft and confront him together . The remainder of the film takes place inside the loft , where Blake tries to talk his way out of trouble . In the end , both girls reveal that they have been unfaithful . Carla and Blake have sex , but Lou 's suggestion of a threesome is rejected . His mother dies at the end of the film and Carla comforts him .
Simakwel negative Lakanpati ; Simakwel negative Limhang ; Wang positive Urduja ; Wang neutral Limhang <$> Set in the 13th century , the film is a fictionalized tale of Princess Urduja , legendary warrior princess of Pangasinan . As the only daughter of Lakanpati , chieftain of the Tawilisi tribe of Northern Luzon , Urduja grew up as a warrior with the ability and willingness to defend her people from their rival tribe , the Badjaos . Lakanpati 's age and failing health gave rise to the urgency of finding a man for the princess to marry and who will inevitably lead the tribe as the new chieftain . The man Lakanpati considers most eligible to become Urduja 's husband is Simakwel , a Tawilisi warrior but whom the princess dislikes . Oblivious of Simakwel 's ambitious and scheming ways , Lakanpati tries his best to convince Urduja to marry him . However , Urduja meets Limhang , a Chinese pirate , who lands on the Tawilisi shore after he flees from the wrath of the ruthlessly greedy Wang . Urduja immediately falls in love with the stranger Limhang , which worries Lakanpati and drives Simakwel into madness . Afraid of losing both the crown and Urduja , Simakwel does everything to drive Limhang away from his dream . Eventually , Limhang 's good deeds and genuine kindness win the respect and trust of the Taliwisi tribe . Wang soon finds Limhang , who surrenders voluntarily to Wang in assurance that he will not attack Tawilisi . In the end , Wang still orders his men to attack the tribe . Urduja and her people bravely defend the tribe from the forces of Wang . Limhang escapes from his captors and with the aid of the Batyaws sends the invaders fleeing .
Mishka negative Sid <$> Siddharth " Sid " ( [ [ John Abraham works in a bookstore in London named Kagaz Ke Phool with his Pakistani friend Omar . His girlfriend Krutika never leaves a chance to dominate him . The twist comes when Sid starts getting calls from people who are attempting suicide as his number was mistakenly printed on fliers of an Indian suicide helpline and later on he takes on the counseling job . One night he gets a call from Mishka who had a bad relationship and is on the verge of taking her life . Sid and Mishka get talking and suicidal feelings are thrown over London ’s Tower Bridge . They become phone friends and Sid knows who Mishka is when she visits his bookstore .
Morgan positive Belden ; Morgan negative Rick ; Morgan negative Lee <$> Two old friends , Matt Morgan and Craig Belden , now find themselves on opposite sides of the law . Belden is the de facto ruler of the town of Gun Hill , a rich cattle baron . Morgan is a U.S. marshal living in another town with his Native American wife and young son , Petey . Two young drunken cowboys rape and murder Morgan 's wife while she is returning with their son from a visit to her father . The boy escapes on one of the killers ' horses , bearing a distinctive , fancy saddle . Morgan sets off to find the killer . His one clue is the saddle , which he recognizes as belonging to Belden . Assuming it was stolen from his old friend , Morgan travels to Gun Hill to pick up the trail , but once there he quickly realizes that Belden 's son Rick is the killer . Belden refuses to turn over his son , forcing Morgan to go against the entire town . He vows to capture Rick and get him on that night 's last train from Gun Hill . Rick is taken prisoner and held at the hotel . Belden sends men to rescue his son , but Morgan manages to hold them off . In the meantime , Belden 's former lover decides to help Morgan . She sneaks a shotgun to his hotel room . The second rapist , Lee , sets fire to the hotel to flush out Morgan . Morgan presses the shotgun to Rick 's chin on the way to the train depot , threatening to pull the trigger if anyone attempts to stop him . Lee tries to kill Morgan but shoots Rick instead . Morgan then kills Lee with the shotgun . As the train prepares to leave , a devastated Belden confronts Morgan in a final showdown and is gunned down .
Niko positive Voss ; UFC negative Voss <$> Former collegiate wrestler Scott Voss is a 42 - year - old bored biology teacher at the failing Wilkinson High School . Budget cutbacks at the school jeopardize the continuation of its music program , which would result in its teacher , Marty , being laid off . Concerned for both his colleague and his students , Voss attempts to raise the $ 48,000 necessary to keep the music program alive . At first , he works as a night instructor for a citizenship class . One of his students , Niko , approaches him to get some outside tutoring and Voss reluctantly agrees . When he arrives at Niko 's apartment , he realizes that Niko was a former mixed martial arts fighter . While watching UFC at Niko 's apartment , Voss learns that the loser of the fight receives $ 10,000 , which gives him the idea of raising the money by fighting in MMA himself . Later in the film , Voss gets signed to the UFC finds out that he has to win his fight on the undercard because a colleague embezzled money from Voss 's Fights . The event turns out to be UFC 176 : Carwin vs. Dos Santos and he manages to win his UFC fight and gets $ 50,000 for his victory and saves the music program at his school .
Cooper negative Tilsons ; Dale negative Cooper ; Leah negative Cooper <$> When documentary filmmaker Cooper Tilson and his wife Leah decide life in New York City has become unbearable , they and their children Kristen and Jesse move into a decaying mansion filled with the possessions of the previous family . They befriend local tavern owners Ray and Ellen Pinski and their daughter Stephanie . As Cooper begins to sort through the many documents and family photographs scattered throughout the house , he decides to commit its history to film . Converting the old building into their dream house becomes a nightmare for the Tilsons when previous owner Dale Massie , an uncouth redneck recently released from prison , shows up and pressures Cooper into hiring him to help with the renovations . While he initially proves to be a good worker , the underlying sense of menace he projects is unsettling . A series of terrifying incidents , including Cooper 's being pursued by an unknown car , the sudden appearance of the poisonous snakes in the house , and the killing of the horse given to them by the Pinskis leads the Tilsons to research the estate 's dark past . Hoping to glean some details about its history , Cooper visits Dale 's aging and slightly demented father in the nursing home where he is living . Disjointed comments made by the elderly man lead Cooper to believe Dale murdered his wife and children , and he begins to search his { { convert } } property for their remains . Sheriff Annie Ferguson , sister of Dale 's battered , slatternly girlfriend Ruby , is skeptical about Dale 's guilt , but slowly comes to realize Cooper may be right . Cooper 's suspicions are confirmed when he and Leah discover three skeletons in Devil 's Throat , a deep well , hidden in the woods . Using a walkie talkie , he contacts Sheriff Ferguson , unaware she has been attacked and disabled by Dale , who punctures the tires on Cooper 's truck and sets Leah 's car on fire to prevent them from escaping . Trapping them in the house in the middle of a storm that has knocked out the electricity , he forces them to rely on their wits and physical prowess to save themselves . Dale finally corners Cooper and Leah on the roof after chasing them through the mansion . Dale , now raving mad , openly declares his insanity as well as his intent to kill them and throw them down the Devil 's Throat like his family . However , the couple is able to turn the tables on their tormentor by charging him with a line of rope that knocks him off his feet . They quickly tie him down against a roof lantern before he can break free . Cooper then takes the killing tool and taunts Dale as Dale had done to him , before shattering the skylight , sending the screaming Dale to his death . The film then cuts to show that the bodies of Dale 's family are now rightly entombed in the family graveyard at Cold Creek Manor and that Cooper and his family have finally attained their wanted peace .
Chucky negative Tiffany ; Chucky neutral Glen ; Glen negative Glenda ; Jennifer neutral Redman ; Tiffany negative Redman ; Chucky neutral Jennifer ; Jennifer positive Glen ; Jennifer negative Tiffany <$> The film opens the night Jesse and Jade get married in Bride of Chucky as the second parody of Look Who 's Talking in the Child 's Play series where Chucky 's sperm reach Tiffany 's egg and a baby is conceived and grown over time . At the end of the scene , the baby passes through the birth canal as seen in the last moment in Bride of Chucky . Six years after the events of Bride of Chucky , the film then shows Glen ( [ [ Billy Boyd , the son of Chucky and Tiffany , point of view having a nightmare in which he slaughters a little girl 's parents and living a life of embarrassment as a ventriloquist 's dummy . Desperate to know his parents , Glen tracks them down to Hollywood . Chucky and Tiffany are first shown killing a man dressed as Santa Claus for a movie . Upon tracking down his parents , who are now dummies in one of Jennifer Tilly 's films , Glen uses a voodoo amulet to bring them back to life . Shortly afterward , when Chucky finds out that Glen is his child , he faints . But as for Tiffany , she was very happy and hugs her child . Tiffany and Chucky have a dispute over whether Glen is male or female . Chucky decides to label him as a boy and Tiffany labels him as a girl , calling him " Glenda " . When a puppeteer , Tony Gardner begins taking Tiffany apart , she and Chucky cut his head off with a piano wire . Jennifer Tilly sees the beheaded body and calls the police . Glen / Glenda is horrified by this , and later asks them why they murder others , as he feels that violence is bad . Tiffany and Chucky then make an agreement to quit killing , although Chucky only pretends to agree . Jennifer tries to get a role as the Virgin Mary in Redman 's directorial debut , but after Redman says that Jennifer is n't right for the part , she invites him over to her house . Chucky and Tiffany make plans to transfer their souls into Redman and Jennifer . Jennifer and Redman start to have sex , only for Tiffany to knock them out . While they are unconscious , Tiffany inseminates Jennifer with Chucky 's semen . Chucky leaves and takes Glen / Glenda with him . After driving Britney Spears ' car off the road , killing her , they proceed to go to a photographer 's darkroom . The photographer , Pete Peters ( [ [ John Waters , had taken pictures of Tilly having sex with Redman , and of Chucky masturbating . Glen / Glenda tries to warn Peters that Chucky will kill him , only for Peters to bump into a shelf , causing a jar of acid to fall and accidentally kill him . Chucky , overjoyed , believes Glen / Glenda did this on purpose and takes a picture to celebrate . Jennifer awakens the next morning , realizes that she is pregnant and claims it is Redman 's , though he states that this is impossible . In anger , Tiffany rips his intestines out . The next day , Jennifer is horrified to find herself with a fully pregnant belly . The voodoo magic that fuels the killer dolls has also accelerated the pregnancy . Jennifer is captured by Chucky and her chauffeur , Stan , serving as Chucky 's replacement body due to Redman 's death is also captured . Jennifer 's assistant , Joan , tries to help her , but is brutally killed . It is then revealed that there were two souls in Glen : Glen and Glenda . Chucky also reveals that he killed 3 people and hid them in a closet like Tiffany did to Redman . Jennifer gives birth to twins , a boy and a girl , and it is then that Chucky has an epiphany . After several years of being an infamous killer doll , Chucky finally accepts his circumstances . Disturbed , Tiffany rejects Chucky and resolves to take Glen with her . An enraged Chucky throws a knife at Jennifer , but Stan jumps in front and is stabbed in the neck , he tells Tilly that he loves her as he dies . Before Glen can decide which baby to possess , the police arrive , forcing the dolls to flee . Jennifer is rushed to the hospital by the cops , but claims she wants to see her babies . Tiffany drugs Jennifer and begins to possess her , but Chucky breaks in and kills Tiffany with an axe . Glen / Glenda becomes enraged by this , and attacks Chucky by cutting his limbs and his head . After suffering an emotional breakdown , Jennifer comforts her Glen . Five years later , at Glen and Glenda 's birthday party , a nanny quits her job because Jennifer 's daughter , Glenda , stares at her with hatred and scares her . Jennifer lets her quit , only to kill her when she turns away , and Jennifer 's eyes switch to Tiffany 's , revealing that Tiffany was successful in possessing Jennifer 's body . Glen has taken the body of the son , and receives a strange , unnamed present . When Glen opens the present , he sees that it 's Chucky 's right arm . Frightened , he wets his pants and turns around . Chucky 's arm then grabs him , and he begins screaming as Chucky 's laugh is heard , meaning he will return , one day .
her positive he ; he negative Jim ; Joe positive he <$> Emma and Will are best friends since childhood ; they lost touch a long time ago — as far as she knows . She is back in their hometown , because her father is sick and dying . Emma has n't just come home to be with her father , but she is also trying to leave behind her complicated love life and career as a TV actress . She has a strained relationship with her mother . While a man and a woman are giving Will a ride back home , Will tells them the story of how he fell in love with Emma and how she was with him when his parents died . Upon arrival he visits his brother Jim , a banker , who believes Will has mental problems because of the death of their parents that took place when Will was very young . Will stays with his childhood friend Joe . While Will was practicing how he is going to tell Emma how he feels about her , Joe comes as Will tells him that he is going to announce his love for her today or tomorrow . However , Emma 's boyfriend follows her home because he wants to reconcile , staying at a local hotel . Will and Emma spend the day together , reminiscing on times passed . She admits her unfaithfulness to her boyfriend , who wants to marry her . She discovers Will has been following her everywhere and asks him to promise that he will stop following her . Will agrees and leaves town . It is revealed that Emma 's boyfriend has murdered the man with whom Emma was having an affair , although she is still not aware of this . When her boyfriend finds out that Will has been following Emma , he calls the LAPD and claims it was Will who committed the murder . Will decides to hitchhike away from his hometown . On his way he is arrested by the highway patrol and taken to jail . Jim bails him and takes him to the airport . Will runs away to San Francisco , leaving behind money to make up for the bail his brother paid . Emma is shaken with the news of her lover 's death , and gets a letter from Will proving that he was n't in LA when the murder was committed . She gets her boyfriend arrested . Emma 's father dies . Emma goes to Joe and asks him to tell Will that she is sorry for what she had said to him . After Emma 's father 's funeral she receives a love letter from Will . She leaves for San Francisco to look for him , finding him performing on Fisherman 's Wharf .
Sergei negative Gombo <$> The Mongolian shepherd Gombo lives in a yurt in Inner Mongolia with his wife , three children , and mother . They are content with their uncomplicated rural lives but Gombo wants to go on having sex with his wife , while she refuses for fear of having a fourth child , which is against Chinese law . A Russian truck driver named Sergei is stranded nearby and finds his way to their yurt , where he and Gombo become friends despite their language and cultural differences . Gombo and Sergei go into the nearest city together , where Gombo is supposed to buy contraceptives . He buys a television set and other goods , but backs out of buying contraceptives after discovering that all the staff at the drugstore are women . Sergei , a former army bandsman , becomes drunk and sings " On the Hills of Manchuria " in a nightclub , with the band playing from sheet music tattooed on his back . He is arrested and bailed out of jail by Gombo . Gombo returns home , and along the way stops to eat . He has a strange dream featuring his drunken , horse - riding relative as Genghis Khan and his wife as the Khan 's wife . In the dream both he and Sergei are captured and killed and the TV set is destroyed . Gombo awakes from his dream and arrives home with the TV . He and his family switch between watching a broadcast of the President of the US and a badly sung variety show . Gombo 's wife , upset that he did n't buy contraceptives , leaves the yurt . Gombo follows her out onto the prairie , sticking an urga into the ground in a traditional warning that a couple is being intimate . A voiceover from Gombo 's fourth son , who was conceived at this time , concludes the film , and a chimney belching smoke stands where Gombo placed his urga .
Nick positive Lincoln <$> The film follows three young men as they are drawn into lives of crime . Nick uses his entry - level corporate job to commit credit card fraud and deals drugs on the side . K - Luv is a member of the " V - Dubs " , an African - American street gang . Lincoln is a rising figure in the Chinese mafia . Gentrification forces Nick 's family to move out of their home in the Mission District into Hunter 's Point where they are harassed by the V - Dubs . K - Luv 's side business of selling bootleg compact discs leads him to enlist Nick 's help to bootleg CDs and to negotiate a truce with Lincoln . Lincoln conducts an affair with his boss ' daughter Angela , a Stanford student engaged to a medical student classmate .
Tess negative Sam ; he neutral Sam ; he neutral Tess ; Gerald positive Tess ; Gerald neutral Sam <$> Sam Craig and Tess Harding are journalists for the same New York newspaper in the early 1940s . Tess , the daughter of a diplomat , is an internationally inclined political affairs columnist , a polyglot educated in various prestigious European universities who has traveled the world . Meanwhile , Sam is an everyman sportswriter who worked his way up . A feud in their columns , over baseball , develops into romance , love , and marriage , despite their different backgrounds and worlds . When Sam invites her on a date to a baseball game , Tess inadvertently breaks the " men only " atmosphere of the press box , and is initially confused and unfamiliar with the rules of the sport , before enjoying herself and befriending other spectators . After Sam and Tess marry , a conflict arises over Tess 's priorities and Sam 's place in her life . They have several minor disagreements , but a bigger problem occurs when Tess is coerced to take on the care of a Greek refugee child Chris without having a chance to consult Sam . When Sam initially believes Tess is pregnant with their child , he is thrilled , but upon meeting Chris , he is at first unconvinced about taking on an unrelated orphan with whom he can not even communicate . Still , he tries to befriend the boy as much as he can , and introduces him to sports . Tess learns that she has received the award of " Woman of the Year " , to be given to her at a fancy ceremony . That evening , Sam wonders who will be looking after the boy , and is unsatisfied with her answer of " I 'll ask one of the elevator boys to look in on him . " Sam decides to stay home to look after Chris . Tess is upset — she wants him to be beside her on her big night , and is embarrassed at the thought that the public will wonder where he is . Sam says she can tell everyone he had more important plans , and Tess accidentally offends him by asking whether anyone would believe that Sam could find something more important to do . After Tess leaves , Sam tells Chris to dress and pack . While Tess is at her ceremony , Sam returns the child to the home for Greek refugee children and walks out on the marriage . Tess only learns of this upon her return , when she goes to change for photographers only to discover the men and their belongings are all missing . She attempts to go reclaim Chris , but he refuses . The next day , Tess receives an invitation , addressed to both of them , to go to the home of her father and the aunt who raised her . However , Sam is covering a championship boxing match that evening and tells her he can not go . Tess arrives alone , only to be told that her aunt and her father are to be married that night , after 15 years of " making the same mistake " and saying nothing of their attraction . Listening to the words of the wedding ceremony encourages Tess to attempt a reconciliation with Sam . She enters Sam 's new riverside home the next morning and starts to prepare breakfast . Sam is eventually woken by her noisy incompetence in the kitchen , and comes to watch her . She proclaims her new intention of being nothing more than his wife and thinking only of his domestic needs , but he believes it is an insincere tactic to win him back . Trying to prove herself , Tess once again tries to cook breakfast , only to fail because she knows nothing of cooking . Sam tells her this is the first time he is disappointed in her — for going to extremes . He says to her he does not want Tess Harding or " just little Mrs. Craig " , but ca n't she be Tess Harding Craig ? Tess happily agrees , and they reconcile . Gerald , Tess ' inconsiderate secretary , arrives with a bottle of champagne and reminds Tess of her commitment to launch a ship at 8:30 am . Sam takes Gerald outside , the bottle smashes , and Sam returns claiming to have launched Gerald .
Kara positive Batman ; Barda negative Darkseid ; Kara negative Darkseid ; Darkseid positive Batman ; Barda negative Kara <$> Weeks after the events that led to Lex Luthor 's arrest , the impeachment of his presidency , and Batman 's success in saving the world from the impact of an arriving meteor , a spaceship lands in Gotham City Harbor and a young girl with no knowledge of English or any other human languages emerges . Upon arrival , she accidentally causes all sorts of havoc with her Kryptonian - like powers until the Dark Knight catches her with a piece of Kryptonite from the ship . With Superman 's help , they discover that the girl is Kara Zor - El , the niece of Jor - El and Superman / Kal - El 's biological cousin . While Superman welcomes Kara with open arms and teaches her English and how to behave in society , Batman remains suspicious . Tipped off by Batman , Wonder Woman and Lyla ambush Clark Kent and Kara in a park and take Kara to Themyscira , on the basis that only there can she learn to control her powers . Superman reluctantly agrees , but still prefers to watch over Kara himself . Elsewhere , on the planet Apokolips , Darkseid learns of Kara 's presence on Earth , and orders her to be captured and brought to Apokolips as a possible candidate to lead the Female Furies since the departure of Big Barda . While Batman and Superman are checking on Kara on Themyscira , a horde of Doomsday clones appears from Apokolips . Superman , Wonder Woman and the Amazonian army fight them for a while until Superman vaporizes all of them with a single blast of his heat vision , but Batman discovers that Kara is missing , and her friend Lyla who was with her has been killed by Darkseid 's Omega Beams while trying to prevent her abduction . Distraught , Superman vows revenge . Batman , Superman and Wonder Woman locate and recruit Barda to help them through their way on Apokolips . Once there , Superman tears his way to Darkseid 's palace while Wonder Woman and Barda go through the sewers directly into the fighting arena , where they are ambushed by Granny Goodness and the Female Furies . After a long fight , Granny and the Furies are subdued . Batman , meanwhile , makes his way underground and finds the Hell Spores , the source of the fire pits on Apokolips , and activates them . Superman encounters Darkseid , who sets the brainwashed Kara on him . Kara pummels Superman around while Darkseid watches , until Batman confronts Darkseid and informs him that he has activated the Hell Spores , all of which will destroy Apokolips . He issues Darkseid an ultimatum : free Kara and promise to leave her alone , and Batman will deactivate the Spores . Intrigued , Darkseid admits his admiration for Batman 's tactics . Acknowledging that neither Superman nor Wonder Woman have the " strength of character " to destroy an entire planet , Darkseid relents . Superman manages to defeat Kara , and Barda and Wonder Woman present Darkseid with the subdued Granny . Defeated , Darkseid allows them to leave Apokolips . With their lives normal again , Clark decides to take Kara to meet his adoptive parents in Smallville . However , they are ambushed by Darkseid , who was waiting to kill Superman : he had promised to leave Kara alone , but not Superman or Earth . Superman is blasted into orbit by Darkseid 's Omega Beams , leaving Kara to face Darkseid alone . A lengthy battle ensues with Kara putting up a respectable fight , but Darkseid eventually overpowers her . Superman recovers and returns to Earth to confront Darkseid again . He gains the upper hand and pummels Darkseid using a combination of punches and heat vision at super speed . Darkseid grabs Superman and begins attacking him with Omega Beams . As Superman 's skin starts to glow red hot from the assault , Kara uses Darkseid 's Mother Box to activate a Boom Tube behind Darkseid . Superman uses the momentary distraction to his advantage and pushes Darkseid through . While Superman anticipates Darkseid 's eventual return from Apokolips , Kara informs him that she changed the coordinates to a random spot in space , leaving Darkseid floating around frozen in ice . Having saved her cousin 's life and found her place on Earth , Kara decides to use her powers to fight for altruism under the alias of Supergirl . She is met with applause by Wonder Woman , the Amazons , and finally , Batman . Superman and Supergirl then fly off to Metropolis .
Chris negative Mike <$> Mike is hired to protect Chris Jameson , an old flame who he has n't seen in almost 20 years . Chris heads up an all female high - risk courier agency that has become tied up in a dangerous exchange involving high - stakes bribes by an American helicopter manufacturer to a corrupt General in Central America . Chris nonetheless drops dead in the middle of testifying before a grand jury , but not before informing Mike that he has a 19 - year - old daughter who is caught in the middle of everything and might already be dead . Screenwriter Bill Stratton was awarded the Edgar in the category of Best Mystery Teleplay Special , the first time any Spillane - inspired material was ever given the MWA 's top award .
Pandian neutral Janaki ; Pandian neutral Vishwanathan ; Pandian neutral Joseph ; Pandian positive her ; Vishwanathan neutral Basha ; her positive Avvai ; Pandian neutral Mudaliyar ; Janaki positive Mudaliyar ; Janaki positive Vishwanathan ; Janaki negative Avvai <$> The film starts in a courtroom where Janaki is fighting for divorce from Pandian . She offers various reasons for wanting a divorce . She has married Pandian against the wishes of her rich father Vishwanathan Iyer . But she is n't able to come to terms with living in Pandian 's small house without amenities . Pandian is an assistant dance director with a modest income and is not able to spend much time with the family . All this accumulates and Janaki decides to apply for divorce , which is granted . The court orders that Pandian can meet his daughter Barathi , once a week and this is his only solace . His daughter , however , loves him a lot and does n't like the arrangement . Basha , a friend who works in a hotel as a chef , advises Pandian to steal his daughter from Janaki . Pandian goes about trying to do as his friend suggests . In doing so , he is discovered ; and now he can not meet her at all . Then Pandian finds out that Vishwanathan Iyer has advertised for a woman to look after his granddaughter . Joseph is a makeup man in films . In conversation with him , Pandian gets the idea of playing an old woman , so that he can be with his child and ex-wife without them knowing . Joseph agrees to this plan and the transformation is done from Pandian to ' Avvai Shanmugi ' -- a dignified , elderly woman who is hired to take care of the little girl . Rathna is a girl who is in love with Pandian but is constantly rebuffed . Basha takes up the role of a mute Iyer cook and is admitted into Vishwanathan Iyer house on the recommendation of Avvai Shanmugi . However , Basha is caught later while doing his namaz , thereby shattering both lies -- that he is mute and an Iyer . Hilarious circumstances follow and slowly Avvai Shanmugi manages to convince the household of " her " sincerity . So much so that Janaki 's widowed father begins to develop a liking for Avvai and in fact proposes to " her " too ! Around the same time , Mudaliyar , the house - owner of the place where Pandian lives , happens to bump into Avvai Shanmugi . This happens many times and Mudaliyar , too , begins to develop a liking for " her " . Meanwhile Pandian slowly begins to realize that Janaki has n't totally forgotten him . Avvai rebuffs Vishwanathan 's proposals by saying that ' her ' husband is alive . Adding to the chaos , " she " tells Vishwanathan that Joseph is ' her ' husband ; while Pandian tells Sethurama -- Vishwanathan 's secretary - that Mudaliyar is Avvai 's husband . There is much confusion after this , but it is resolved at last . Avvai Shanmugi convinces Vishwanathan that Janaki 's right place is by her husband . While Janaki 's father goes off to talk to his estranged son - in - law , Avvai Shanmugi reveals ' her ' true self as Pandian to Basha . This is seen by Janaki , who misunderstands the scene and believes Avvai to be an immoral woman . Janaki goes to Pandian 's house to reclaim him , but upon seeing Rathna waiting there , and Avvai 's clothes lying around , thinks that her husband , too , is promiscuous . Janaki leaves and attempts suicide , but Avvai Shanmugi stops her . Avvai reveals " her " identity as Pandian . Janaki and Pandian reconcile .
Quatermain negative Kathy ; Curtis positive Kathy ; Gagool negative Twala ; Umbopa negative Twala ; Quatermain neutral Gagool ; Curtis negative Twala ; Umbopa negative Gagool <$> In 1882 , Irish dream chaser Patrick " Patsy " O'Brien ( [ [ Arthur Sinclair and his daughter Kathy have failed to strike it rich in the diamond mines of Kimberley , South Africa . They persuade a reluctant Allan Quatermain to give them a lift to the coast in his wagon . Along the way , they encounter another wagon carrying two men in bad shape . Umbopa recovers , but Silvestra dies after boasting to Quatermain that he has found the way to the fabled mines of Solomon . Patsy finds the dead man 's map . He sneaks off during the night , unwilling to risk his daughter 's life . Kathy is unable to persuade Quatermain to follow him . Instead , they rendezvous with Quatermain 's new clients , Sir Henry Curtis ( [ [ John Loder and retired navy Commander Good , out for a bit of big game hunting . Kathy steals Quatermain 's wagon to go after her father . When they catch up with her , she refuses to go back with them , so they and Umbopa accompany her across the desert and over the mountains , as shown on the map . During the arduous trek , Curtis and Kathy fall in love . On the other side of the mountains , they are surrounded by unfriendly natives and taken to the kraal of their chief , Twala ( [ [ Robert Adams , to be questioned . Twala takes them to see the entrance of the mines , guarded by the feared witch doctor Gagool . That night , Umbopa reveals that he is the son of the former chief , who was treacherously killed by the usurper Twala . He meets with dissidents , led by Infadoos , who are fed up with Twala 's cruel reign . Together , they plot an uprising for the next day , during the ceremony of the " smelling out of the evildoers " . However , Umbopa needs Quatermain to come up with something that will counter the magic of Gagool . During the rite , Gagool chooses several natives , who are killed on the spot . Good notices in his diary that there will be a total solar eclipse that day . The quick - thinking Quatermain predicts it as Gagool approaches Umbopa . Umbopa reveals his true identity to the people during the height of the eclipse and the rebellion erupts . Both sides gather their forces ; during the ensuing battle , Curtis kills Twala , ending the civil war . In the fighting , Kathy slips away to the mine to look for her father . She finds him inside , immobilized by a broken leg , but clutching a pouch full of diamonds . It is then learned that the mine is also cojoined with a volcano . Quatermain , Curtis and Good follow her , but Gagool sets off a rockfall to seal them in . Umbopa pursues Gagool back into the mine , where the witch doctor is crushed by falling rocks . The new chief manages to free his friends and gives them an escort to help them cross the desert .
Thakur negative Mahua ; Thakur positive Lajo ; Lajo negative Mahua ; Thakur negative Kali ; Neola neutral Thakur ; Kamia negative Kumar ; Anand neutral Kumar ; Neola negative Anand ; Thakur neutral Kumar ; Neola negative Kumar <$> The film opens in the ruins of Kali Pahari , and introduces the vampire Neola.Neola is the Hindi word for mongoose . It is commonly used as a nickname for a villain . Neola , a Dracula - like vampire , sleeps in a coffin by day , and transforms into a bat at night to hunt humans from the neighboring villages . He craves a steady supply of human blood , and a supply of fresh young women . Neola is assisted by a ragtag bunch of servants who lure innocent humans to Kali Pahari so Neola may easily prey on them . His servants include Mahua , Mahaguru , a tantrik and various other henchmen that provide muscle for his evil deeds . Mahua is employed as a maid in the household of a righteous Thakur Pratap . The Thakur spots her speaking with Baku one evening . Knowing of Baku 's association with the evils of Kali Pahari , the Thakur threatens to fire Mahua if she is ever caught with any of the gang again . Mahua , however , is under orders to source a new maiden for Neola . The upright Thakur is wealthy , well liked and happy , except for the fact that his wife Lajo is unable to have children . The local temple priest reassures her , but she is deeply perturbed when the Thakur 's mausi arrives and urges him , citing the necessity of progeny , to consider marrying again . Mahua moves in . She promises Lajo will bear children if Lajo will agree to come to Kali Pahari , on the condition that the first child will be handed over to Mahua . Lajo refuses at first , but Mahua prevails over Lajo 's vulnerability and Lajo accepts the deal . Accordingly , she goes to Kali Pahari , is bedded by Neola , and immediately thereafter gives birth to a daughter Kamia . But when Mahua claims the child , Lajo naturally refuses point - blank and drives her away . Mahua poisons Lajo . The Thakur fires her immediately , but Lajo succumbs to the poison . Enraged , the Thakur enters Kali Pahari and , after a long fight , is able to drive a magic stake through Neola to put him down . Gravely wounded , Neola staggers back to his coffin deep within the caves and lays within it to rest and recover . Some twenty years later , Kamia grows up to be a beautiful girl . She has her heart set on Kumar , her childhood chum , but he wards off her advances as childish tomfoolery . Things get interesting when Kumar meets Sapna at a party and begins to develop affections for her . Shaken by this , Kamia makes a direct move , but Kumar bluntly snubs her , and an angry Kamia leaves the party . She swerves to avoid a strange woman , crashes her car , and is taken by the gang to the altar of Neola . Neola , asleep all these years , is revived with blood . He recognizes Kamia and bites her , and she is hypnotized by the tantrik to serve Neola forever . Now Kamia gets orders to source more women for Neola . She approaches Bhanu and lures her to Kali Pahari , but Kumar , Anand and some of his friends arrive there in time to rescue Bhanu before Neola can seduce her . Kamia 's next target is Sapna . Sapna , too , is rescued in the nick of time , but Kumar and Anand discover that Kamia is behind all this . They report back to the Thakur , and he decides to finish Neola once and for all . Entering Kali Pahari , the Thakur finds Mahua , who informs him with evil glee of the bargain behind the birth of Kamia , and that Kamia is now entirely in Neola 's power . Furious , the Thakur beheads Mahua . But Neola is unstoppable . He beckons Bhanu once again , and this time , he succeeds in biting her . Neola attacks Sapna yet again , and follows her to the Thakur 's home . After a prolonged chase , Neola kills both Bhanu and Anand and nearly gets Sapna , but is thwarted in the nick of time by the Thakur . The Thakur reveals the tale of Kamia 's birth to Kumar and Sapna . The three of them enter Kali Pahari to recover Kamia . They finally find her , barely conscious , deep within the catacombs . They are immediately set upon by the gang , various henchmen , and Neola himself . They fight their way out and wound Neola once again , but are somehow unable to kill him . The evil woman and the tantrik carry away Neola in a brougham . Kumar gives chase , and captures the tantrik , and threatens to kill him unless he discloses Neola 's Achilles heel . The tantrik reveals that Neola 's soul is trapped within a statue at Kali Pahari . Kumar and the Thakur devise a two phase plan to finish Neola . Kumar and Sapna follow the brougham away from Kali Pahari , and round up the townsfolk to engage Neola . Neola attacks them in a frenzy . Just as he gets within reach of Sapna , he is involuntarily seized with pain and bursts into flames . The film ends with Kumar , Sapna and the Thakur looking on as Neola is destroyed forever .
Tom positive Meg ; Vi neutral Tom ; Tom negative Sandy <$> Jazz pianist Tom Stewart , who lives on a Cape Cod island community , is preparing to marry his fiancee Meg . Shortly before the wedding , Tom 's old girlfriend Vi visits and informs him that she will end Tom 's relationship with Meg , using blackmail if necessary . While arguing on top of a lighthouse , the railing Vi is leaning against gives way . She manages to briefly hang on , but Tom refuses to help and watches her fall to her death . The next day , Tom sees Vi 's body floating in the water . He retrieves her only to see the body turn into seaweed . Tom tries to forget what he 's seen , but over the next several days , all manner of strange occurrences happen . Vi 's watch washes up on the beach and mysterious footprints appear in the sand . Before long , Vi 's ghost appears and tells Tom that she will haunt him for the rest of his life . One day , Meg 's little sister Sandy shows up and asks Tom if she can see the engagement ring . As Tom shows it to Sandy , he 's spooked by a disembodied hand that soon makes off with the ring . Soon afterward , a party is held for Tom and Meg . Vi 's disembodied head makes a small appearance in a photo taken of Tom and Meg , and when he 's alone , Vi taunts Tom that she 'll now use her voice to tell the world how Tom Stewart killed her . To add to Tom 's dilemma , a ferry - driving beatnik comes looking for Tom , intent on collecting the $ 5 Vi owes him for her trip to the island . Tom 's haste to pay the fellow off causes the shifty man to stick around , where his attempts to blackmail Tom lead to the ferryman 's death . However , unbeknownst to Tom , Sandy has inadvertently witnessed the murder . At the wedding , Sandy keeps quiet about what she 's seen , but almost says something at the point in the ceremony where the clergy asks if anyone " can give reason why these two should not be joined in matrimony . " Before she can speak , the church 's front doors burst open and the flowers all begin to wilt as the candles die out , bringing the ceremony to an abrupt and unpleasant end . Later that night , Tom goes to the lighthouse , telling Vi that he 's leaving the island . Soon after , Sandy listens in to what Tom says . When Tom finds her , he realizes that he 's now trapped ; Sandy knows too much and could possibly tell Meg and the others . A desperate Tom leads Sandy up to the broken lighthouse railing with the intent to push her over . But just then , Vi 's ghost swoops down on Tom , causing him to go over the edge as Sandy watches . Soon afterward , the islanders go searching for Tom 's body . However , the first one they find is Vi 's . Shortly afterward , Tom 's body is found and placed next to Vi 's body , which somehow manages to turn and lay its arm across his body . On Vi 's dead hand is the engagement ring that was supposed to be Meg 's , signaling that Tom is now stuck forever with Vi .
Caldwell neutral Lynch ; Caldwell negative Austin ; Lawrence negative Tokarev ; Peale negative Lynch ; Caldwell negative Peale ; Peale positive Lawrence ; Caldwell positive Maclure ; Caldwell neutral Lawrence ; Spota neutral Force ; Spota positive Lynch ; Spota negative Peale ; Peale negative Maclure ; Maclure negative Lynch <$> At the Presidio Army base in San Francisco , MP Patti Jean Lynch is shot dead while investigating a break - in on the base and a San Francisco police officer is killed in the getaway . Jay Austin is sent to investigate . He was Lynch 's former partner as an MP , and is now a San Francisco police inspector . He clashes with Lieutenant Colonel Alan Caldwell , the base Provost Marshal . Years ago , Austin and Lynch were partners in the MPs and Caldwell was their commanding officer . When Austin arrested Colonel Paul Lawrence , Caldwell did n't support him . In the aftermath , Austin was demoted and decided to get discharged from the army . Austin and Caldwell since share a mutual dislike for one another . The murder investigation now casts suspicion on Lawrence . Lynch was killed with a rare Russian pistol called a Tokarev . Lawrence is the registered owner of a Tokarev , but claims he lost it in a poker game . Austin also learns that the getaway car used by Lynch 's killer was registered to a civilian named Arthur Peale , who is wealthy and owns a holding company that , in turn , owns other companies . Austin tries to question Lawrence about the Tokarev , but Caldwell intervenes . This fuels Austin 's suspicions that Caldwell will do anything to protect a fellow officer from civilian authorities , even if he is a killer . Recognizing that part of the case is under Caldwell 's jurisdiction at the Presidio and part is under Austin 's jurisdiction in San Francisco , they uneasily team up to investigate the case . Caldwell comments that if the Tokarev bullet that killed Lynch matches a bullet fired earlier from Lawrence 's Tokarev at the Presidio firing range , then Caldwell will arrange for Lawrence to surrender to Austin for arrest . In the meantime , Caldwell and Austin visit Arthur Peale , who owned the car used in the shooting and getaway . Peale claims the car was simply stolen and had an alibi for the night Lynch was shot . But Caldwell noticed Vietnam - era paraphernalia in Peale 's office . Using his own contacts , Caldwell learns that Peale was previously in the CIA , and a spy and military advisor in Vietnam at the same time Lawrence was there as an officer . It becomes clear that Lawrence and Peale knew each other . Austin gets the ballistics report back on the Tokarev , which confirms that Lawrence 's gun killed Lynch . Ignoring his agreement with Caldwell , Austin corners Lawrence when he leaves the Presidio , resulting in a lengthy footchase through San Francisco 's Chinatown . Ultimately , Lawrence is killed in a hit and run . Caldwell is furious that Austin disregarded their agreement . Compounding their past tension , Caldwell is also upset that Austin is dating his daughter , Donna . Their relationship is rocky , with Donna alternately teasing and pushing Austin away . Caldwell confides in his friend , retired Sergeant Major Ross Maclure , who runs the Presidio 's war museum . It is revealed in backstory that Caldwell was Maclure 's lieutenant during the Vietnam War . Caldwell was very green and relied heavily on Maclure . In one sequence , we learn that Maclure saved an injured Caldwell and attacked a Vietcong platoon waiting to ambush American soldiers , for which he was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor . In various scenes , Caldwell 's close friendship and affection for Maclure is demonstrated . Caldwell and Austin both figure out that the killer at the Presidio was trying to break into a storeroom to retrieve a bottle of spring water that was delivered earlier that day . Following that lead to the water company which delivered the water , Austin gets the name of the driver who delivered the water , George Spota . Caldwell recognizes the name as someone who served under Lawrence in Vietnam . Austin confirms that it was Spota 's car that hit and killed Lawrence during their footchase . Caldwell learns that the water company Spota works for is owned by Arthur Peale , thus confirming that Spota , Peale , and Lawrence were working together . Austin and Caldwell follow Spota during his daily water deliveries . Spota makes a delivery to an Air Force base . Under surveillance from Austin and Caldwell , Spota picks up a bottle of water that was transported to the Air Force base from the Philippines . Austin and Caldwell follow Spota and the bottle of water back to the water company . Unsure what is in the water bottle that makes it so valuable , Austin and Caldwell see the edges of the conspiracy come together . Spota , Lawrence and Peale all knew each other in Vietnam . It appears that Spota picked up a delivery of water from the Philippines , but accidentally left that water bottle in the storeroom at the Presidio . When he realized his mistake , he went back to retrieve it . But Lynch surprised him breaking into the storeroom , and he shot her . Just as they figure this out , they see Maclure drive up to the water company . With a terrible realization , Caldwell figures out that Peale and Lawrence would have needed someone like Maclure to carry out this smuggling , because Maclure had excellent contacts within the U.S. military in Asia . Inside the water company , Spota and Peale open the water bottle that came from the Philippines , revealing that diamonds were smuggled inside . Maclure comes in and surprises them by holding a gun . Peale reveals that Lawrence was blackmailing Maclure about something Maclure did while in Vietnam . Peale tries to convince Maclure to let the smuggling operation continue . But Maclure is disgusted with himself and heartbroken over the death of Lynch . He says the smuggling must stop , but then is stripped of his gun by Peale 's men . Just as Peale is about to kill Maclure , Caldwell and Austin enter the water company to save him . A gun fight ensues , during which Peale and his men are killed , and Maclure is fatally wounded . Caldwell asks Austin to delay his police report by 48 hours to give Caldwell time to bury Maclure with his honor intact . Austin agrees and the final scene is at a military cemetery where Caldwell tearfully eulogizes Maclure . At the end of the film , Caldwell reconciles with Donna and grudgingly admits Austin into the family .
Laurie positive Dito ; he neutral Dito ; he negative Laurie ; Antonio negative Dito ; Mike negative Dito <$> Dito is a successful writer in Los Angeles . One day , after being urged by his mother , Flori , and his friend , Nerf , Dito visits his childhood home , Astoria , New York , because his father has suddenly become very ill . The film switches back and forth between the present and flashbacks with Dito 's memories in the summer of 1986 . Dito meets Nerf , and talks with him in a parked car , where they can talk undisturbed , which would not have been possible at Nerf 's house . Dito then visits Laurie , his childhood sweetheart , who is now a mother . They only talk through the open window ; she does not let him in . Dito finally visits his father , Monty . Monty used to ignore Dito 's feelings , and he did n't want Dito to travel . He is angry at Dito for leaving , and for not returning sooner to visit ; he then sends Dito away . Laurie urges him to be a man and come to terms with his father , who was heartbroken when he left . Dito does leave , but returns later , to insist that he takes his father to the hospital . Antonio , an overconfident , volatile boy with an abusive father , eventually kills someone : the Puerto Rican gangmember Reaper , as payback for an attack on Dito . Dito remembers Antonio 's younger brother , Giuseppe - reckless , destructive , and possibly insane . In the 1980s , Giuseppe lay on a subway track ; in spite of urgent warnings from his brother Antonio and Nerf , that a train was coming , he failed to get back on the platform and was killed Mike O'Shea , another friend of Dito 's , was a Scottish boy who dreamed of becoming a musician . Mike and Dito had planned to go to California on a bus . They worked for a gay man , Frank , with a dog - walking business . They went to his house to collect the wages he was slow in paying . At first he did not listen to them , but then he gave them all the money he kept in the refrigerator , more than he owed them and told them to leave town . Shortly after , Mike was murdered by a member of a Puerto Rican gang in retaliation for the murder of Reaper , after which Dito travelled alone to California . Dito visits the adult Antonio in prison and sees him as a changed man of wisdom . The film concludes with the two of them sitting down in conversation .
Molly negative Sophie <$> Lindsay Wagner stars in this TV movie as Molly McKinley , a former nun now employed as a rape counselor . A teenager named Sophie seeks out Molly 's help after she is raped by the scion of a wealthy family . Refusing to release a confidential file that would reveal Molly 's past promiscuity — and thus seriously compromise her case against her assailant — Molly is sent to jail . The problem now becomes two - pronged : If Molly wants to be released , she must hand over information that may allow the rapist to go free ; and if Sophie does n't speak up , Molly 's future career will be destroyed .
he neutral Maria <$> Joe Saluto , a well driller excavating geological samples for a university project in the small Florida town of Montverde , is contaminated by a strange liquid that transposes his senses of pain and pleasure . Unaware he has been infected with a dangerous virus , he tries to impress Maria , a pretty waitress at the local diner , who is romantically involved with Allen Greenfield . Allen 's out - of - town job is affecting his relationship with Maria , so he decides to quit and propose to her . When he arrives in Montverde , he finds significant changes there . Maria , who earlier at hinted at marriage , now seems indifferent to it . The town is practically uninhabited and has a much darker air about it , and tattoo parlors and seedy shops have replaced the nice stores that once lined the main street . When Allen begins to investigate , he discovers the dreadful virus has forced the town people into self - mutilation .
Pinnock negative Thomas <$> Louis Pinnock is a struggling urban factory worker . In this alternative reality , it is a large underclass of white Americans who live in rundown , crime - infested ghettos and face prejudice from the broader society , while the comfortable middle and upper class is predominantly black . In an effort to go above and beyond in his position , in the candy factory in which he works , Pinnock delivers a package for his boss , to successful Thaddeus Thomas . After Pinnock accidentally sees Thomas 's wife coming out of the shower , he is subsequently fired , beaten up by the police and forced to watch his family evicted . In a radical quest for justice , Pinnock kidnaps Thomas , which forces the two men to bond , as well as argue over race relations and the roots of social inequality .
CIA neutral Bourne ; Neski neutral CIA ; Kirill negative Bourne ; Neski negative Bourne ; Landy negative Bourne ; Abbott neutral Bourne <$> Two years after his escape from France , Jason Bourne and Marie Kreutz are living in Goa , India . Bourne continues to have flashbacks about his former life as a CIA assassin , which he writes in a small diary . Meanwhile , in Berlin , Germany , CIA agents subordinate to Deputy Director Pamela Landy are paying US$ 3 million for the " Neski files " , documents on the theft of $ 20 million in allocation money seven years earlier . Russian Federal Security Service agent Kirill plants Bourne 's fingerprint to frame him , kills the agents , and steals the files and money , giving them to his employer , Russian oil oligarch Yuri Gretkov . Kirill travels to Goa to kill Bourne , but Bourne spots him and flees with Marie . As the couple drive away , Kirill attempts to shoot Bourne , but kills Marie by mistake . Their vehicle goes off a bridge and into a river ; Kirill believes that Bourne is dead . Bourne survives and leaves for Naples , Italy , with money and passports . After finding the fingerprint Kirill planted , Landy learns that it belongs to Bourne and subsequently asks Deputy Director Ward Abbott about Operation Treadstone . Landy tells Abbott that the CIA agent who stole the $ 20 million was named in the stolen files . Some years ago , Russian politician Vladimir Neski was about to identify the thief when he was supposedly murdered by his wife in a Berlin hotel . Landy believes that Bourne and the late Treadstone supervisor Alexander Conklin were somehow involved , and assumes that Bourne killed her two agents . Both Abbott and Landy go to Berlin to find Bourne and take him down . In Naples , Bourne allows himself to be identified by security . He subdues his CIA interrogator , copies the SIM card from his cell phone , and learns from a subsequent phone call about Landy and what she thinks Bourne did . Bourne goes to Munich to visit the only other remaining Treadstone operative , Jarda , who informs Bourne that Treadstone was shut down after Conklin 's death . Jarda tries to incapacitate Bourne before an incoming CIA team arrives , but Bourne kills him , blows up his house , and escapes . Bourne follows Landy and Abbott as they meet former Treadstone support technician Nicky Parsons to question her about her past experience with him . Believing that the CIA is hunting him again , Bourne calls Landy and is told that he is being pursued because he killed two people in Berlin — though she is not referring to Bourne 's recent flashbacks . Bourne arranges to meet Nicky at the Alexanderplatz , where he kidnaps and interrogates her , finding out that Abbott was the head of Treadstone , not Conklin . He remembers that he murdered Neski in Berlin , but Parsons knows nothing about it . Bourne visits the hotel where the killing took place and remembers more of his mission — he killed Neski on Conklin 's orders , and when Neski 's wife showed up , he shot her to make it look like a murder – suicide . Abbott kills his own assistant once he suspects a conspiracy against Bourne , who breaks into Abbott 's hotel room and records a conversation between him and Gretkov that incriminates them in the theft of the money . Abbott confesses to ordering the assassination in Goa , Neski 's murder by Bourne , and the murder of the agents by Kirill , for which Bourne was to be framed . When Landy suspects Bourne 's innocence and confronts Abbott , he commits suicide . Bourne sends the tape of the confession to Landy , vindicating himself . Bourne goes to Moscow to find Irena Neski , the daughter of Vladimir Neski . Kirill tracks down Bourne and wounds him in the shoulder . Bourne reaches a car and Kirill engages him in a high - speed car chase , ending with Kirill 's death after Bourne forces his car into a concrete divider . Bourne locates Neski and apologizes for murdering her parents . Gretkov is arrested by Landy , using the evidence she got from Bourne . Some time later , in New York City , she receives a phone call from Bourne ; she expresses her thanks for the tape of Abbott 's confession before telling Bourne his real name is David Webb and that he was born " 4-15-71 " in Nixa , Missouri . Bourne tells her that she looks tired , indicating that he can see her , before hanging up and fading into a New York crowd .
Kung positive Fei ; Kung negative Gigi <$> Kung is the spoiled youngest brother of three : no job , no education , plenty of money , plenty of girlfriends , and a good home , whom he shares with the two brothers Lo Leung and Fei , his sister - in - law , and his wise father , Mr. Lo . On his upcoming birthday , as a cruel but well - executed prank , Leung and Fei will feign a lottery win worth $ 30 million using a useless ticket and a recorded tape bearing the lottery pick from a previous night , all as Kung 's birthday present . Excessive greed causes Kung to fall for it , and he immediately goes out with a selected girlfriend , Gigi , and hits it off at a night club . Instead he runs afoul of Triad member Brother Smartie , who wants a game of dice . Kung easily loses $ 1 million , as well as $ 5000 to Gigi , and he relies on his " winnings " in order to pay it all back . When he finally discovers he never won the lottery , he decides to fake being mentally retarded , a feat which he pulls off quite well . Then he learns he gains more benefits that way , so he chooses to remain mentally ill for the time being . However , he has to learn the true meaning of life and to take what life has to offer but not ask for more .
Anjali positive Vicky ; Natasha negative Vicky ; Anjali neutral Natasha <$> Vicky is an aspiring singer who is devoted to his true love , Anjali . He gets a big offer from a music company in Canada and accepts it . In Canada , he meets the owner of the company , Natasha . Natasha helps Vicky become a star , however , Vicky is unaware of Natasha 's hidden motives . Natasha knew Vicky in college and harboured a deep infatuation for him . Natasha 's father had warned her that her love for Vicky can never be , as Vicky loved Anjali , but she refused to listen . When Natasha 's father died in a car accident , Natasha , with no one else to love , put all her love and devotion on Vicky , and has ever since . Natasha invites Vicky to her home for her birthday . Things heat up and Vicky and Natasha spend a passionate night together . Vicky is horrified by what he has done . He goes back to India , but Natasha accompanies him . An uncomfortable Vicky tells Natasha that their one night together was a mistake and that he only loves Anjali . Natasha then attempts suicide but Vicky rushes her to the hospital in time . Vicky proposes to Anajali and she accepts . Natasha discovers that Vicky and Anjali are engaged . At the engagement party , Natasha , mad with jealousy , starts dancing barefoot on broken glass until she faints . Vicky later tells her to stay away from him . Natasha hires hitmen to plant a bomb in Vicky 's car . Vicky realizes that Natasha 's obsession of him has become dangerous . Overwhelmed with guilt , he confesses the truth to Anjali . Although hurt , she is not angry at him as he has punished himself enough . Anjali then insists on meeting with Natasha . The two women meet and Anjali gently explains that Vicky has always loved her and never Natasha . Natasha threatens Anjali , saying that she will go to any length for Vicky – even kill . Anjali admits that while she can not kill others , she would kill herself for him . When Anjali returns to Vicky , Natasha calls the couple to her home . The two arrive and see Natasha sitting in a chair . As they are apologizing for hurting her , they suddenly notice a gun in Natasha 's hand and blood on her head . She had killed herself before the two arrived . Vicky finds a note that she had written , saying that by sacrificing her life , she proved that she will always love him . The film ends with Natasha 's funeral , and Anjali in Vicky 's arms .
Bostick positive Stu ; Ellie positive Brad ; Stu positive Brad <$> Brad Harris , a computer programmer based in Baltimore , responds to his ex-wife 's hard - to - swallow engagement announcement by telling his parents he 's going to do a big year . The same plan is being discussed between a roofing contractor named Kenny Bostick and second wife Jesse , the current big year record holder fearing his record of 732 species is to be topped . Stu Preissler , founder and CEO of a company bearing his name , sits at his Manhattan office headquarters , talking fondly of his hobby of birding , his colleagues made aware of his pressing desire to set a new big year record which is to commence after New Year 's . At his parents ' house over dinner , Brad reveals to his father he has begun his big year and the travel costs necessary to undertake his dream have already been budgeted . His father objects , feeling his 36 - year old cash - strapped son should instead focus on his career . Brad is resolute , however , encouraged by his mother . After receiving notification of a Xantus 's Hummingbird sighting , Stu is unsuccessfully tempted by his former company colleagues to return to New York City . Unbeknownst to Stu , Bostick arrives at the same house in British Columbia . Bostick again comes into contact with Stu when the two men are aboard a birding boat . Aware he may have a fellow birder on his tail , Bostick engages in antics to worsen Stu 's seasickness . Brad befriends a nauseous Stu and also meets for the first time fellow birder Ellie . Bostick 's wife attempts to gain her husband 's attention back on the home front , informing him she has decided to hire out a rival contractor to begin work on remodeling their home . Stu is also pressured again by his former company , this time onsite , begging him to return to help close a deal . Reluctantly , he agrees to depart for two days . The three birders all rush to the Gulf Coast area to view fallout of birds before a storm . Hundreds of birders flock to the area , including Ellie , much to Brad 's delight . After spending the day together , Brad and Stu dine together , when Brad discloses he is currently doing a big year . Stu decides against sharing the same , fearing his new - found friend may innocently reveal to Bostick his own pursuit . While birding in Coos Bay , a friend of Brad 's comes to discover Stu 's growing list and posts a picture of him to his website , which makes Brad aware that Stu is pursuing a big year . Feeling hurt , Brad divulges Stu 's goal to Bostick while the two are aboard a plane on their way to Attu Island . Stu was booked on the same chartered flight but narrowly missed it , largely held up by his work . His disappointment only worsens watching local news anchormen stating the storm created prime birding conditions on Attu . Meanwhile , A Rustic Bunting is sighted on the island by Bostick . Stu arrives days later and makes amends with Brad , wanting to remain friends . He encourages Brad in his pursuit of Ellie , who also made the trip , as well as suggesting they team up so at least one of them can break Bostick 's record . Ellie calls Brad to inform him a Pink - footed Goose has been spotted in Boston . Any thoughts he had of pursuing her are dashed , however , when she and her boyfriend pick him up from the train station . Stu and Brad meet up again , finding out each has totaled more than 700 species thus far , and bump into Bostick but are soon outwitted by him in their attempt to a see a Blue - footed Booby , causing the two to form an alliance , the well - heeled CEO paying for a helicopter ride to see snowcocks . Upon landing , Brad is notified his father suffered a heart attack and returns to be with him . His father comes to affectionately view his son with a new found respect after hearing Brad explain his love for his favorite bird , the American Golden Plover . Bostick 's wife awaits him at a fertility clinic , but despite their agreement , Bostick cancels on her at the last minute after being notified a Snowy Owl , his most coveted bird , has been spotted and would also help allow him in breaking his own record . When he returns home , he finds the constant traveling has been too taxing on his wife , whom he suspects may have become involved with the contractor working on their home , despite her statements quite to the contrary . Calling from his home , Stu phones Brad with the final big year results . Bostick is first with 755 . Coming in second , Brad laments " he got more birds , but we got more everything , " as he looks at his new love interest , Ellie who 's come for a weekend visit . Stu smiles , staring at his wife . The film ends with the new couple gazing through binoculars , Stu hiking with his toddler grandson birding enamored by birds of the Rockies , and Bostick on a birding adventure in China , seemingly alone .
Winthrop neutral Alice ; Classon neutral Jerry ; Classon negative Alice ; Classon negative Mary <$> New York lawyer and playboy Clay Dalzell is asked by old friend Tim Winthrop to locate his girlfriend Alice , who mysteriously disappeared in Chicago a year ago . Winthrop can not stop thinking about her and believes she is in New York . Along with Donna Mantin , who has romantic designs on him , " Dal " attends a hit stage show called " Midnight " that stars a masked actress , Mary Smith , who vanishes in mid-performance when Winthrop recognizes her and blurts out the name Alice . Gossip columnist Tommy Tennant claims to have discovered a vital clue to the mystery , but before he can reveal it , he is shot in Dal 's suite . Dal is the main suspect , but Inspector Doremus does not believe him to be guilty , and gives the resourceful lawyer the freedom to investigate on his own . Dal negotiates with gangster Kinland to retrieve letters embarrassing to Donna . When he gets them , he is annoyed to discover that they actually belong to a friend of Donna 's . Dal runs into an old flame , Jerry , now wed to a lawyer named Classon . Classon , it turns out , is also searching for Alice ; she can provide an alibi for his client , convicted of a murder in Chicago . Dal sets up a trap in a Greenwich Village apartment , pretending to have located the missing Mary there and notifying each of the suspects that she is leaving there to meet him at his suite . He reasons that those who are innocent will go to his suite , while the murderer heads to the apartment to silence Mary . The killer indeed turns up , in disguise , putting Dal and Donna in grave danger . Fortunately , Dal and Inspector Doremus are able to subdue the culprit . It is Robert Classon . It turns out that Jerry had carried on affairs , first with the Chicago murder victim , then with his accused killer . Robert Classon killed one of his wife 's lovers and tried to frame the other . To achieve the latter , he also needed to silence Alice , unaware that she had fled to avoid testifying . She hated the convicted man for ruining her father . With everything wrapped up , Dal finally gives in and marries Donna .
Crowe neutral Anna ; Crowe positive Vincent <$> Dr. Malcolm Crowe , a child psychologist in Philadelphia , returns home one night with his wife , Anna Crowe , after having been honored for his work . Anna tells Crowe that everything is second to his work . The two then discover that they are not alone ; a young man appears brandishing a gun . He says that he does not want to be afraid anymore and accuses Crowe of failing him . Crowe recognizes him as Vincent Gray , a former patient whom he treated as a child for hallucinations . Gray shoots Crowe in the abdomen , and seconds later kills himself with the gun . The next autumn , Crowe begins working with another patient , nine - year - old Cole Sear , who has a condition similar to Vincent 's . Crowe becomes dedicated to the boy , though he is haunted by doubts over his ability to help him after his failure with Vincent . Meanwhile , his relationship with his wife has deteriorated to the point where she ignores him and refuses to talk to him . Crowe believes that she may be contemplating a romance with a coworker who keeps coming around the house although this elicits sadness from him not anger . Crowe also repeatedly has difficulty opening the door to his basement office . Once Crowe earns his trust , Cole eventually confides in him that he " sees dead people ... walking around like regular people " . One ghost who appears to Cole is an overworked wife , abused by her husband , who has slit her wrists . Another that tries to hurt Cole is only heard as a voice who pleads with Cole to let him out of a dark cupboard , then yells that he did n't steal " the Master 's horse " and threatens to attack Cole . A third ghost is a boy with a large gunshot exit wound on the back of his head who asks Cole to come with him to find his father 's gun . Though Crowe at first thinks Cole is delusional , he eventually comes to believe that Cole is telling the truth and that Vincent may have had the same ability to perceive ghosts . He suggests to Cole that he should try to find a purpose for his gift by communicating with the ghosts and perhaps aid them with their unfinished business on Earth . Cole at first does not want to since the ghosts terrify him , but he finally decides to try it . He talks to one of the ghosts , a very ill girl who appears in his bedroom and promptly vomits in his tent . He finds where the girl , Kyra Collins , lived and goes to her house during her funeral reception . Kyra died after a prolonged illness and funeral guests note that Kyra 's younger sister is starting to get sick , too . Kyra 's ghost appears and gives Cole a box , which is opened to reveal a videotape . When Cole gives it to Kyra 's father , the videotape shows Kyra 's stepmother putting floor cleaner fluid in Kyra 's food { { cite web } } while she cared for Kyra during her illness . Cole confesses his secret to his mother , Lynn . Although his mother at first does not believe him , Cole soon tells Lynn that her own mother once went to see her perform in a dance recital one night when she was a child , and that Lynn was not aware of this because her mother stayed in the back of the audience where she could not be seen . He also tells her that the answer to a question she asked when alone at her mother 's grave , " Do I make you proud ? " , was " Every day " . Lynn tearfully accepts this as the truth . Crowe returns to his home , where he finds his wife asleep on the couch with the couple 's wedding video playing , not for the first time . As she sleeps , Anna 's hand releases Malcolm 's wedding ring , revealing to Crowe that he was actually killed by Vincent and was unknowingly dead the entire time he was working with Cole . Due to Cole 's efforts , Crowe 's unfinished business — rectifying his failure to understand and help Vincent — is finally complete . Recalling Cole 's advice , Crowe speaks to his sleeping wife and fulfills the second reason he returned , saying she was " never second " , and that he loves her . Letting her live her own life , he is free to leave the world of the living and Cole had learned to live with the ghosts as it had become a part of his life .
Ritesh negative Pavani ; Sayeed negative Ritesh ; Naveen positive Pavani <$> Pavani is an independent woman who aims to pursue higher studies in the USA . She breaks up with her fiancé , Ritesh , son of a millionaire and Pavani 's classmate . Ritesh is intelligent and the most eligible bachelor in college . Being the son of a wealthy father , Ritesh is irresponsible , unstable , and vulnerable . He draws hostility , jealousy , enmity with his college mates like Sayeed ( [ [ Ravi Varma , who secretly was interested in Pavani . This threatening lifestyle of Ritesh makes Pavani dump him . While celebrating her upcoming departure to the USA with her friends , Pavani meets Naveen . With his friends , Naveen is also celebrating getting a visa to study in the USA . Incidentally , both get admitted to the same university . Naveen and his friends go through culture shock and the troubles faced in a US university to earn a living with part - time jobs . For example , Naveen and his friends tangle and have mishaps with women , cars and Indian restaurant owner Pachadlla Paramanandam . Sayeed , also a student of the same university , is aware of Pavani ’s strained relationship with Ritesh . Sayeed tries to mess up with Pavani and Ritesh 's life to satisfy his ego and avenge Ritesh by informing him about Pavani 's relationship with Naveen . As Naveen and Pavani get closer , Sayeed gets Ritesh to the USA on a student visa to sabotage their relationship . On the other hand , Ritesh 's dad tries to woo Pavani with the property that will be inherited by Ritesh upon her marriage to him . But Pavani rejects Ritesh and his dad 's offer . Ritesh becomes hostile towards Pavani : he believes he was used and cheated on , even though he was innocent . Ritesh 's dad advises him not to get into this mess with woman like Pavani who is not concerned about Ritesh 's welfare and only concerned about her short - term gains . He is lucky to be born in a wealthy family , get a good education in the US , and settle down with his dad 's inherited property . But Ritesh ignores his dad 's advice . The rest of the plot depicts situations that deal with Ritesh 's agony and learning that he was the victim of Sayeed 's scheme . Subsequently Ritesh loses his mind and becomes a psychopath . He kills Sayeed on the university campus and attacks Pavani and Naveen by hiding in their car while they return from dinner . While Ritesh shoots at Naveen 's neck , the cops are on their way with an ambulance and rescue Naveen and Pavani by shooting Ritesh to death . The film highlights situations which lead to victims , like Ritesh , who dig their own grave by getting into bad company .
Dinky positive her ; Denton negative her <$> The film 's main character is a 15 - year - old girl named Dinky Bossetti . Dinky was adopted as a baby . She appears to have little acceptance in her social circle , although it is not obvious which came first - her antisocial attitude or her being rejected by her peers . Her adoptive mother is disappointed that the daughter she chose has no interest in " feminine " things , such as makeup and nice clothing . Her classmates ostracise , taunt , and throw things at her regularly . Dinky finds solace in her " Ark " , a small cabin - boat beached on a lake shore . In and around the boat , Dinky has collected a menagerie of abandoned animals . As the story begins , Dinky is befriended by a new school guidance counselor , who recognizes her intelligence and spirit . Dinky becomes convinced that she is the abandoned daughter of Roxy Carmichael , a minor film star who left town for Hollywood 15 years ago after giving birth to a baby girl out of wedlock . Miss Carmichael has been invited to return to town to assist in the dedication of a new municipal building , and she has accepted . The news of her return stirs up old jealousies and insecurities : old schoolmates start acting in irrational ways , while Denton Webb , the husband she abandoned when she left town , becomes so obsessed by the idea of her return that his wife moves out . As the date for Roxy 's return draws nearer , Dinky becomes more and more desperate to prove that she is Roxy 's daughter , visiting the star 's childhood home , and obsessively questioning Denton about what happened the night she left , believing that Roxy will take her away to a new life . On the day that Roxy is due to arrive , Dinky packs her suitcase and arrives at the welcoming ceremony in a beautiful dress . A limousine draws up , but a man gets out with a note of explanation : Roxy has not come back . Before the limousine can drive away , Dinky runs after it . Denton catches up with her and tells her the whole story : although Roxy did have a baby , and did leave it with him , the baby died . Roxy is not Dinky 's mother . Left with nothing , Dinky is rescued by Gerald Howells , a popular boy who has become increasingly interested in her . At first , Dinky is suspicious of his interest , but the end of the film shows them together in a relationship where she finally holds the upper hand as things return to normal in the town . Roxy Carmichael is never fully shown in the film , nor is there ever any explanation given for her fame . We do learn that she once dated a musician who wrote a song about her which became a nationwide hit . He gave the air rights to Roxy , so she " gets paid every time the song is played " on the radio ; this is apparently the source of her considerable wealth .
Albert positive Jimmy ; Jimmy positive Charlie ; Albert negative Treasury ; Albert neutral Hooper <$> The film centers on the family of a scientist named Albert Dooley ( [ [ Dean Jones who struggles to pay the bills . His wife , Katie gets a recipe for applesauce wrong and gives it to her husband to take to work for lunch , hoping it will help cut down on the budget . In a humorous chain reaction , the duck Albert is testing steals the applesauce after Albert has thrown it away in the trash , and then wanders into a radiation lab and becomes irradiated . Albert is ordered to get rid of the duck , so he figures he can give it to his son , Jimmy who has been wanting a pet , only to discover it now lays golden eggs . In a Pavlovian manner , the duck , named " Charlie " , lays an egg when prompted by the barking of a dog . At first , the only ones who know of Charlie 's golden yolks are Albert , Katie , Jimmy and Albert 's friend , Fred , but as they sell the yolks of gold , they gain the attention of a suspicious neighbor , a government bureaucrat from the US Treasury Department named Mr. Hooper ( [ [ Joe Flynn , who starts spying on them his wife gets angry , and ultimately convinces his boss , Rutledge ( [ [ James Gregory , to get the duck after worldwide phone calls spread the rumor and Rutledge gets a phone call from President Richard Nixon to " get that duck ! " . Albert is overcome by greed and no longer cares for his son , which saddens Jimmy . The Treasury Department officials soon arrives at the house and orders them to turn over the duck . Jimmy , watching from upstairs , climbs out the window with Charlie , and then rides off with a couple of teenage boys and their hot rod as the government officials try to capture the duck to prevent it from laying gold . In the film 's climax , Jimmy is suspended on a ladder between two parking garages , and Albert attempts to convince his son to grab his hand before the ladder falls . Jimmy tells his dad to " go away " , believing he only wants to save Charlie , but when the ladder begins to break , he grows fearful and grabs his father 's hand . They then leave the parking garage , but Albert is promptly arrested by the US Treasury Department officials . The film ends with the family in court , and the judge breaks an egg into a glass after Mr. Hooper and then Albert barks at the duck to prompt the laying of the egg , which surprisingly turns out to be an ordinary egg yolk , as the effect of the radiation had run out . The judge dismisses the charges on account of no proof of a duck laying golden eggs , and Albert tells the family the golden duck was nice while it lasted , but at least they can keep the duck for their pet , now realizing that his family is more important than wealth . The judge then advises Jimmy , " One word of caution , son . If it ever lays another gold egg , bury it , quick ! " Albert then puts Jimmy on his shoulders and exits the courthouse into a crowd of cheering onlookers .
Hyde positive Sarah <$> Richard Jacks is a perfumer fed up working at a major fragrance company , where he is the butt of the joke with much of his fellow employees . His projects are failures and the feminist executive is thinking of replacing him with a woman . After his great grandfather dies , Jacks attends the will reading and whilst everyone else receives houses , money and boats , Jacks receives a bunch of science notes , something he is far from happy with . He discovers that his ancestor was in fact Dr. Henry Jekyll . Jacks becomes fascinated about the duality of man and starts performing experiments to refine the formula that separates good and evil . Realizing that his ancestor 's formula increased male aggression , Jacks decides to add more estrogen to the mixture in the hope that it will prove less dangerous . After a night of monitoring his vital stats after ingesting a formula he put together , he gives up and finally attends a job interview . Although everything appears fine at first , Jacks ' voice soon changes , his nails grow and the hairs on his arms recede back under his skin . Jacks looks puzzled but then feels some strange feelings from his genitalia area and watches in horror as his penis deflates , transforming into a vagina . However , he is still in denial and only realizes what 's happening when his hair grows and he develops breasts , all while still in the job interview . Horrified , he rushes to his workplace , where the changes begin to work on his face and mind . There , he looks into a bathroom mirror and realizes he is now female . Soon his feminine side takes over the personality . The new female alter - ego names herself Helen Hyde and introduces herself as Jacks 's beautiful new assistant . She quickly develops a personality independent of her creator and at this point acts more like a protagonist and is actually quite likeable : she rewrites Jacks 's reports , is kind to his secretary , and lovingly flirts with his superiors . Over the next few days she rewards herself with a shopping spree and eventually befriends Jacks ' fiancee , Sarah , and has Sarah move out of Jack 's apartment so she can have it for herself . Hyde is more than happy with her new life and identity up to this point , but soon after transforms back into Jacks . Jacks returns to work the next day , and , after several comments from his colleagues , realizes that Hyde was real but is unable to access any of her memories due to the fact they are now two separate people . Nonetheless , he feels invigorated and invites Sarah to his place for a romantic meal in order to make up for past transgressions . Everything appears to be going well until he realizes he is again transforming into Hyde , causing Sarah to flee . As it turns out , the instability of his grandfather 's formula has caused his genes to become unstable , causing Hyde and Jacks to transform into each other without warning . Hyde becomes resentful at having to share a body with Jacks and starts taking advantage of her creator 's absence by sleeping around the office in order to gain the upper hand - even going as far as to have sex with a homosexual man . Just when Hyde is about to have sex with Jacks ' boss , she starts changing back into Jacks and hides herself in the toilet . Jacks then finds himself horrified by the situation he finds himself in and makes his escape via a nearby window ; however , this does not prevent Hyde from becoming his superior at work , disfiguring his colleague , and stealing his ideas . As Hyde grows in influence and power , she sets her sights on displacing the CEO of the company , becoming the first woman ever to rise through the ranks . Jacks later tries to retaliate by subverting Hyde 's authority , which causes her to declare war on her creator . Knowing no - one would believe him , Jacks desperately tries to record the transformation and handcuffs himself to the bed , only to be horrified as Sarah walks in and finds his closet to be full of lingerie . This leads Sarah to believe that he is having an affair with Hyde . It is only after Sarah leaves that Jacks transforms into Hyde once again . Angered at Jacks ' attempt to expose the truth , Hyde proceeds to burn all of his grandfather 's documents and warns Jacks via a video of her intentions to take over completely . He then realizes that he is actually starting to spend more time as Hyde than himself and that he has to come up with a plan before he disappears completely . Desperate , Jacks tries to humiliate Hyde in front of her superiors by stripping naked and writing obscenities all over his body in hopes that they will walk in on her after she takes over . But Hyde manages to outsmart him by delaying the change , causing his plan to backfire and himself to be fired from the company . He then turns to Sarah for help , but is rejected because of his supposed affair with Hyde . Just when it looks like Hyde is about to complete her quest for domination , Jacks finally manages to convince Sarah about his condition with the help of CCTV footage from the initial transformation . Sarah then agrees to help as Jacks comes up with a formula that would effectively destroy the Hyde part of himself , but he is forced to take it as Hyde within a certain time frame before Hyde 's DNA can fuse forever . After he transforms into Hyde , Sarah 's attempts to inject her with the formula but fails — injecting only about 20 % of it , causing random body parts to spontaneous transform parts between male and female . A fire soon breaks out in the apartment and Hyde escapes . Hyde arrives at launch of the perfume that she " invented " , but realizes she is still wearing Jacks 's clothes . An inebriated woman wearing a black dress then runs into her , and , after offering a sly comment on how fabulous the dress looks , Hyde proceeds to steal it . She then enters the party in full splendour and begins intermingling with the guests . However , the effects of the formula causes her to temporarily grow stubble and her breasts to disappear and reappear . Meanwhile , Sarah , who has snuck into the party , hides in the speech podiumbut is caught by a guard and sent out of the party .
Kitt neutral Claudia ; Tommy positive Claudia ; Leo positive Claudia ; Tommy neutral Jack <$> Claudia Larson is a single mom who has just been fired from her job as an art restorer due to budget cuts . She flies to spend Thanksgiving at the home of her parents , Adele and Henry Larson , while her only child Kitt decides to stay home and spend the holiday with her boyfriend . Kitt informs Claudia that she intends to have sex with her boyfriend . The family gathering also includes Claudia 's resentful , conservative sister , Joanne Larson Wedman , her stuffy banker husband Walter and their two spoiled children . Also there is Claudia 's gay brother Tommy and his new friend Leo Fish , along with their eccentric aunt Glady . Tommy has been in a long term relationship with another man , Jack , so Claudia ca n't understand what he is doing here with a new guy by his side . But it turns out Leo has come along for the holidays to be introduced to Claudia . Tommy , it turns out , married Jack . After a hectic , argument - filled Thanksgiving , when Claudia boards a plane home , Leo goes with her .
Lonzo negative Abner ; Nipper negative Abner <$> Abner Meecham , an aging Tennessee farmer discarded at a nursing facility by his lawyer son , flees the old folks home and catches a ride back to his country farm to live out his days in peace . Upon his return , he discovers that his son has leased the farm to an old enemy and his family . Not one to suffer fools or go down easy , Abner moves into the old tenant shack on the property and declares that he will not leave until the farm is returned to his possession . But Lonzo Choat , the new tenant , has no intention to move out or give in to the demands of the old man . Abner catches Lonzo beating his daughter with a garden hose after she was caught returning from dating a forbidden boy , and Abner scares Lonzo off by shooting a pistol in Lonzo 's direction . The next day Abner has Lonzo picked up by the police , and Lonzo 's wife Ludie is upset that she has to pay for bail , which they can not afford . When the Choats come back from town , Lonzo is visibly upset , and murders Abner 's dog Nipper and hangs him from the porch of the tenant shack . Abner disappears for two days , and the Choats suspect he has finally given up . Instead , he returns with Nipper 's stuffed corpse , and sets him on the front porch and tells it to stand guard . Abner and Lonzo get into an arguing match in which Lonzo threatens to burn the shack down with Abner inside . The argument culminates with Abner pointing a pistol at Lonzo , but Lonzo easily disarms Abner . The police are summoned the next day , and Abner is forced to move out , partially by his son , who believes he has lost his mind . Abner admits defeat and says he 'll move out by the next morning . Instead he tells his neighbor that Lonzo has threatened to kill him by burning the shack . Abner , haunted by recurring dreams of his long - dead wife then sets the shack ablaze , but stumbles while trying to exit , and he is rescued by Lonzo . When Abner awakes , he is in the hospital with his son by his side . He accepts that he will move into a retirement community , but insists that he will plant corn in his small garden there , instead of tomatoes as his son suggested . In the final scene Abner visits his house one more time ; the house has been vacated by the Choats .
Carstairs negative Bartlett <$> In mid-April 1941 , during World War II , German Field Marshal Erwin Rommel and his Afrika Korps have driven the British Army into headlong retreat across North Africa toward Egypt and the vital Suez Canal . Standing in Rommel 's way is Tobruk , a constant threat to his supply lines . The 9th Australian Division are asked to hold the port for two months , at which time they are to be relieved . The defending Allied general ( [ [ Robert Douglas chooses English Captain " Tammy " MacRoberts , an experienced field officer , to take command of a company of newly - arrived , green Australian troops . The no - nonsense MacRoberts is disliked by the undisciplined Australians . He is surprised to see in their ranks his former schoolmaster , Tom Bartlett . Barlett , an alcoholic , later explains that after being dismissed from his job in England due to his drinking , he went to Australia and joined the army while intoxicated . MacRoberts offers to transfer him to a safer billet , but Bartlett turns him down . Because of the desperate situation , the inexperienced troops are sent directly into the front line . The men dig foxholes and prepare for Rommel 's certain attack . The Allied general masses his artillery where he guesses the Germans will strike . His gamble pays off . Under cover of a sandstorm , they attack exactly where the general predicted and head directly at MacRoberts ' men . In the fierce battle , Captain Currie is wounded . Lieutenant Harry Carstairs abandons his vital post to go to his aid , in vain . After the Germans are beaten back , an infuriated MacRoberts vows to have Carstairs court - martialed for disobeying orders and leaving a dangerous hole in the line , but Bartlett persuades MacRoberts to retract his request . MacRoberts receives a field promotion to major , then a temporary one to lieutenant colonel after the general elevates him to command of his battalion of Australians . The general then decides to erode the besiegers ' confidence by sending out small commando raids every night . MacRoberts ' patrols do their part in exacting a toll on the enemy . One day , the general worries about reports of German heavy artillery being moved up , indicating an attack is imminent . The suspected location of the artillery 's ammunition dump is too far away to be attacked by the usual nighttime raid , so MacRoberts proposes using trucks abandoned by the Italians to drive there in disguise and blow it up . MacRoberts leads 54 picked men in three trucks . The attack is a success , but Carstairs is killed and MacRoberts is wounded and captured . While he is being attended to , he meets Rommel , who has been shot by a strafing Spitfire . Although he is respectful to the field marshal , MacRoberts defiantly points out that Tobruk is a thorn in his side . Rommel is bemused by his brashness and orders that he be treated well . Later , as the prisoners are being transported , their trucks are attacked by British fighter aircraft . In the confusion , MacRoberts and Sergeant " Blue " Smith get away . After an exhausting walk through the desert , they reach friendly lines . The Australians have now held on for eight months . In November , the general tells his officers that a relief column led by General Claude Auchinleck is headed for Tobruk . However , they need to take control of a key hill that overlooks the road that Auchinleck must use . The general asks MacRoberts to take his best company and hold the position for three days . On the morning of the ninth day , fearing that the men can take no more , MacRoberts orders a retreat , though Bartlett begs him to ask the men to hang on . To MacRoberts ' surprise , the men refuse to leave . Bartlett overcomes his self - professed cowardice by manning the forward observation post , where survival is measured in hours . Just after the Germans bombard the hill , the Australians hear bagpipes announcing the arrival of Auchinleck 's troops . After a hard - fought 242 days , the Allies have relieved Tobruk .
Conan negative Malak ; Valeria positive Conan ; Akiro positive Conan ; Bombaata negative Malak ; Jehnna negative Zula ; Akiro neutral Malak <$> While praying at an altar with his traveling companion and fellow thief Malak , Conan is confronted by Queen Taramis of Shadizar , who tests the pair in combat with several of her guards . She tells him that she has a quest for him , but he initially refuses her . The Queen uses her power to learn his greatest desire , and promises to resurrect Conan 's beloved Valeria . Conan agrees to the quest . The Queen states that her niece , Jehnna , is destined to find a special jewel that can be used to obtain an artifact that will awaken the dreaming god , Dagoth . She tasks Conan and Malak to protect Jehnna on this journey , to be accompanied by the captain of the Queen 's guard , Bombaata . Secretly , the Queen has instructed Bombaata to kill Conan once the task is complete so they can sacrifice Jehnna to the god . Because the gem is secured in the fortress of a powerful wizard , Conan seeks the help of his friend , the wizard Akiro . Akiro must first be rescued from a tribe of cannibals who plan to eat him to absorb his magic . Afterwards they meet Zula , a powerful warrior and bandit , whom Jehnna and Conan rescue from vengeful villagers ; considering herself indebted to Conan for saving her life , she offers to join their quest . They reach the wizard Toth - Amon 's icy castle upon a lake , and make camp for the night . While they sleep , the wizard transforms into a bird of smoke and kidnaps Jehnna . The company assault the castle and Conan is able to defeat the wizard , but in doing so he disrupts the magic binding the castle together forcing their hasty retreat . With the jewel now in hand they travel to the place where the horn is hidden . Jehnna expresses romantic interest in Conan , but he drunkenly rebuffs her and declares his devotion to Valeria . They reach an ancient temple , and Jehnna uses the power of the jewel to find and obtain the horn . Guardians of the horn overwhelm the group , but they manage to find a secret exit passage . Bombaata blocks their exit and seizes Jehnna . The others escape his deathtrap and make their way back to Shadizar . There , they use a secret route known to Malak to reach the throne room and confront Bombaata . Conan kills him in combat . Meanwhile , Jehnna has been drugged and prepared for the sacrifice . The horn is placed upon the head of the Dagoth statue . Upon its first signs of life , they attempt to sacrifice Jehnna , but Zula intervenes and kills the Grand Vizier first . Having received an improper sacrifice , the statue becomes angry and begins to twist and distort into the demonic version of Dagoth as Akiro had feared . Queen Taramis is killed and Conan battles the Dagoth , eventually killing it by removing the horn from its head . After the battle , the newly crowned Queen Jehnna offers each of her companions a place in her new court . Zula becomes the new captain of the guard , because Jehnna does not see any reason why a woman can not do as good a job as any man . Akiro becomes her new wiseman and advisor , and Malak 's buffoonery qualifies him for the position of court jester . She offers Conan her hand and the opportunity to rule the kingdom together , but he declines , having been promised a kingdom already . He departs on his own for further adventures and to find his own place in the world .
Willie negative his ; Arthur negative Willie ; Arthur neutral Quint ; House negative Cornelius ; House negative Willie ; House negative Valentine ; Valentine positive Cornelius ; Arthur negative House <$> While awaiting his execution for murder and grave robbery , Arthur Blake is visited by Father Duffy , who wishes to obtain a statement from the condemned to be used as a cautionary tale . Arthur denies that he is a murderer , a crime for which his former partner , Willie Grimes , has already been executed by guillotine . However , Blake freely admits to being a grave robber , and begins to recount his career with Willie . Arthur became Willie 's apprentice following the death of Blake 's father , forcing the young man to find a job to support his family . Willie quickly taught him the skills necessary to steal corpses , both from graves as well as more risky locations , such as wakes . The job proved profitable on its face , but both Arthur and Willie 's ability to make money was severely hampered by the interference of Doctor Quint , who frequently blackmailed the two into obtaining corpses for free under threat of notifying the police of their activities . This blackmail continued for numerous years . Willie and Arthur 's career changed abruptly when procuring another corpse for Quint . Digging up a corpse buried at a cross-roads , the two were confused when they found a garlic wreath around the body 's neck and a wooden stake in its chest . Arthur dismissed these things as superstition , and removed them against Willie 's protests . Moments later , while the two were clearing their cart , the dead woman rose and walked away . Willie and Arthur attempted to flee , but came across the undead woman , who attacked Arthur . Willie was able to fend her off briefly with a shovel , and when she attacked him he managed to plunge the stake back into her chest , causing her to go immediately limp . Willie and Arthur delivered the staked body to Doctor Quint and departed quickly . The doctor removed the stake , awakening the undead woman , who killed him . Freed of their blackmailer and now aware of a new market for their skills , Arthur and Willie shifted their career towards the supernatural side of grave robbing . During one such job they were stopped by Cornelius Murphy , main spokesperson for the House Murphy , an infamous and vicious band of grave robbers led by Cornelius ' unseen father , Samuel . Cornelius demanded the body at knifepoint ; though Willie advised him to cooperate , Arthur refused , and the three scuffled over the body until it vanished in a burst of light . At this point in Arthur 's narrative Father Duffy asks him if he had any further encounters with the House Murphy . Arthur is reluctant to speak of the matter , but finally relents , discussing the next — and last — time he encountered the Murphys . Drinking at a local pub with their new apprentice Fanny Briers , Arthur and Willie received word from pub owner Ronnie about a possible job : a local mortuary had been reported as receiving crated shipments of the undead . However , their most recent shipment was incomplete , two of the crates lost in a shipwreck and believed to be located on a nearby island . The catch was that the mortuary had already hired someone to retrieve the missing undead : House Murphy . Willie and Arthur initially turned down the job , not wishing to cross paths with the Murphys , but at Fanny 's insistence the two reluctantly agreed . On the island the crates are guarded by Bulger , House Murphy 's enforcer . Fanny slit his throat , then the three rounded up one of the undead , Willie suffering a bite during the effort . Before they could get to the second Fanny was killed by a knife thrown by Cornelius , who then tied the remaining two to the cage containing the captured undead . The two were only saved from death when the captured undead tore free of its cage and attacked Valentine , House Murphy 's disfigured female assassin . Cornelius attempted to save Valentine , only to be attacked by the second undead . Willie and Arthur freed themselves , then escaped in the confusion . Afterward the two argued bitterly over the botched job , resulting in the end of their partnership , and friendship . A week later the two were arrested . At the conclusion of the tale Father Duffy asks whether it was Arthur or Willie who murdered Cornelius , but Arthur reiterates that the two simply left him to his fate . When Father Duffy expresses a surprising amount of anger at this , as well as the sentiment that Willie was " lucky " to have been killed before Duffy could meet him , Arthur realizes the priest 's true identity : Samuel Murphy . The elder Murphy then attempts to kill Arthur with a mace , but before he can he is struck down by an unseen rescuer . When he is able to look up Arthur is surprised to discover his rescuer is Willie — more accurately , the decapitated body of Willie . Holding his head in one hand , Willie explains that the bite he suffered on the island seems to have rendered him undead following his execution . As the two make their way out of the prison cell Willie remarks that being undead is the best thing that ever happened to him , and even suggests that Arthur himself get bitten . When Arthur rejects the idea Willie claims he 's starting to feel " ravenous " , and jokingly chases after Arthur as they leave the prison . Unknown to them , Cornelius rises from his underwater grave .
Sakina negative Tara ; Ashraf negative Tara ; Sakina negative Ashraf <$> Set in 1947 during the Partition of India , the film tells the story of a truck driver , Tara Singh , a Jatt Sikh , who falls in love with a Muslim girl , Sakina , belonging to an aristocratic family . The story begins with Sikhs and Hindus being attacked by Muslims in Pakistan when trying to migrate to India on a train in response to the killing of Muslims going to Pakistan from India . To get revenge , Sikhs and Hindus react by doing the same thing . During the Hindu - Muslim riots that erupted soon after the Partition , Tara saves Sakina from a murderous mob chasing her as she failed to get onto the train after being pushed and lost in the crowd . As the mob want to rape her and then murder her , Tara Singh defends Sakina and disguises her as a Sikh to protect her . While driving back to Tara 's house , the story has a major flashback showing the relationship between Tara and Sakina before this incident and how they knew each other . Tara is a lorry driver , but his real ambition is to become a singer . Some girls in college who are friends of Sakina fool Tara into thinking that they have got him a spot on an annual music show in return for him doing a favor for them . Tara performs badly in from of the music teacher , who is portrayed by Sakina . His friend then gives him tablets that help him prove his singing skills . Soon after it is shown that Sakina is not the real music teacher , which saddens him . When performing on the music show Sakina announces that she will not do her act , instead giving Tara a chance to sing despite being against the will of the seniors at the college . Subsequently and back at the present , Sakina starts living in Tara ’s house and their respect culminates into love . Sakina and Tara Singh get married and become parents of a baby boy . Their life seems like a bed of roses , until Sakina sees an old newspaper that has a photograph of her father , whom she believes had been killed during the riots during the Partition . Her father is now the mayor of Lahore . When Sakina calls him from the Pakistani Embassy in Delhi , he arranges to fly her to Lahore . However , Tara and their son , who are supposed to accompany her to Lahore , are told at the last minute that their visa formalities have not been completed , which compels them to stay in India . This does not stop Tara . He and his son accompanied by a friend enter Pakistan illegally at the border . There they find out that Sakina is getting married and reach her before the marriage can start and reunite . Seeing this , Sakina 's husband - to - be attacks Tara but is instead injured by him . A large fight was about to break out until the priest stops them , as this can end up harming Sakina 's father 's career in politics . Ashraf Ali agrees for their marriage under two conditions : they should live in Pakistan and Tara should adopt Islam . These conditions are accepted by Tara in public the next day which was against Ashraf Ali 's plans . He makes Tara insult his country to make him believe he is a true Pakistani , which enrages him and this makes him kill the mob that was hired by Ashraf to kill him . Tara , Sakina , their son , and a friend manage to escape . After a long period of turmoil they catch a cotton mill train which will be their ticket to India , but Ashraf Ali finds out and he takes some men to stop them . In the ensuing fight Sakina gets shot by her own father . In the hospital Sakina has lapsed into a coma which makes Ashraf Ali realize his mistake . Sakina gains consciousness after having a nightmare . The movie ends with Ashraf Ali accepting Tara as his son - in - law and they return to India .
Robert negative Zee <$> Zee Blakely is a loud , coarse , forty - something socialite , whose marriage to her husband Robert is on the rocks , as witnessed by their frequent verbal sparring matches . Sick of Zee 's antics , Robert is drawn to quiet boutique owner Stella who is the complete antithesis to Zee in terms of personality . Feeling bored and rejected , Zee attempts a number of methods to regain Robert 's sympathy , such as attempting suicide , but these do not work . Zee discovers that Stella had a lesbian affair in the past , and uses this against both her , and Robert , to dare him to partake in a love triangle with Stella .
Lehman negative Chetwyn ; Lehman negative Imogene ; Imogene positive Jack <$> An astronomer , Dr. Lehman , and his assistant , Imogene O'Neill , race against time to provide vital information to JPL rocket scientist Dr. Chetwyn . Dr. Lehman worked for Chetwyn until Chetwyn fired him and Lehman is the only one authorized to prevent the impending destruction . Lehman ultimately gets hit by a car and Imogene strives alone , encountering various murderers and automotive failures . Amidst the chaos , Detective Jack Crowe desperately searches for his psychotic ex-partner Stark before the madman seeks revenge against Jack by killing Jack 's father and daughter . Meanwhile , Jack 's father , the Police sheriff of the town of Taft , deals with subsiding the panic in his town as the meteor shower continues . Another subplot involves a family struggling for survival in a meteor - struck hospital . After the United States launches numerous nuclear weapons at the approaching asteroid , Imogene discovers a flaw in Dr. Lehman 's algorithm and finds that 114 Kassandra had been split in two by the comet that knocked it out of orbit . The second half of Kassandra is larger than the first , and the military 's nuclear arsenal is already depleted from destroying the first half , which was believed to be the whole meteor . As the meteor draws closer to Earth , the meteor storms surrounding it cause increasing amounts of damage as they occur at an unstoppable pace . Part of the headquarters of the scientists tracking Kassandra is hit , resulting in Dr. Chetwyn 's death . Imogene finds herself as the only one left who can save the world from destruction , but she can no longer contact the government by any traditional means of communication . After being abducted by and escaping from Stark with Jack 's help , she finds a radio tower that can reach the remaining scientists at the base , but Stark unexpectedly returns , having survived being shot thanks to a bulletproof vest he had previously stolen . By the time Stark is shot dead by the Sheriff and Jack , Kassandra has entered Earth 's atmosphere , and the government decides to launch their remaining missiles { { Clarify } } and accept the consequences - massive meteor storms and radiation from the blast . Mere minutes before the missiles hit the meteor , however , Imogene manages to get the scientists to alter their course . Initially it appears that the missiles missed Kassandra entirely , but it quickly becomes clear that Imogene 's plan deflected the meteor into the Sun , saving Earth . But three months later , Imogene tells Jack that there will be " next time " in the year 2029 , talking about Apophis , 20 years from 2009 .
Mayuri negative George ; Rishin positive George <$> This film has a strikingly different storyline . It tells the tale of George , Rishin and his wife Mayuri . When George takes up a contract killing assignment from Rishin , he does n't know his target and client are the same person . Rishin is a schizophrenic who wants himself dead . On realising this , George is torn between his professional ethics and a genuine concern for a fellow human being . Things get complicated when George comes to know Rishin 's wife Mayuri is his ex-girlfriend . Mayuri tries to convince him against killing her husband . Meanwhile George and Rishin have also bonded over a common passion , music . The film explores the dynamics of this complex scenario .
Anjali negative Anna <$> At the age of 11 , Ram ’s family and Anjali ’s family members get killed by Anna . Ram 's father is Prakash Raj , who is an ACP . Due to a conflict between Anna and Ram 's father , he kills the complete family . In that tragic incident every one gets killed except Anjali , Ram and their uncle . Ram gets adopted into a different family and Anjali lives with her uncle . They both are not aware of the other ’s survival in that incident . How Ram and Anjali take revenge on Anna is the remaining Plot .
Moe neutral Larry <$> The year is 1672 , and the Stooges are garbage scow sailors stranded on Dead Man 's Island . At first , the governor finds it hard to believe that the trio are actually sailors due to their modern uniforms , but changes his mind once Curly starts flirting with his fiancée , Rita . The governor throws the Stooges in jail , and sentences them to death via burning at the stake . Lucky for the Stooges , Rita has no interest in marrying the ruthless colonial governor and helps the boys escape by exposing some hidden tools . She then directs them to drill their way specifically through the west wall in order to escape safely . Unfortunately , the Stooges argue incessantly , choose the wrong wall , and land right right back in their cell . Rita quickly suggests the boys disguise themselves as " wayfarers from a strange land " bringing priceless gifts . Curly is the great , nearsighted Maharaja of Canarsie who has domains on the isles of Coney and Long . Moe is the Gin of Rummy , and Larry is an accomplice . Moe and Curly exchange in conversations consisting of doublespeak and gibberish and offer the governor a raspberry lollipop , which he mistakes as a ruby as large as a turkey 's egg . Moe dubs it the " Ruby de Lollipopskia . " Next is a fountain pen that the governor mistakes as a tusk from a black walrus . The governor is delighted with these gifts , and requests that the Maharaja bring him some fair damsels . Honoring his request , the Stooges escape quickly , not wasting a moment . However , the governor 's secretary reveals the Stooges ' true identities , and the governor is livid . Once he learns they are headed to the cutthroat pirate Black Louie 's , however , he enlists the scoundrel 's help to kill the escaped sailor Stooges . The Stooges meet Black Louie at a saloon , and engage in a game of target practice . They enlist a reluctant Larry as the live target , and begin the knife - throwing . In the interim , Rita quietly makes her presence known to the boys , and alerts them of the governor 's plan . They realize they must flee , but Curly 's awkward knife throwing puts Black Louie on the defense . The fight breaks out in the saloon , with the Stooges winning out .
her negative Ned ; Stan neutral she ; Rachel neutral she ; she neutral Ned ; she neutral Gordon ; she neutral Clive ; she positive Theresa ; Rachel neutral Clive ; Rachel negative Ned ; Ned neutral Theresa ; Stan negative Clive ; Toby neutral she <$> The film begins at a fashion show , where Chloe Keene takes the catwalk . She returns home to her boyfriend Toby and tells him what a great time she had in New York . The phone rings , but no one is on the other end , and she tells her friend she will change her number . After this , she goes to a shoot , where she meets her other boyfriend , Ned , who offers to take her out to a reunion of his former band . She goes home , and lies to Toby that she will be visiting someone in Brighton . Chloe falls asleep in the car due to pills she has taken , and wakes up when she arrives at the reunion . She gets a phonecall from a stalker with a strange voice , a different one to the one that called earlier . At the reunion , she meets Stan , his wife Rachel , his deaf daughter Theresa , and his brother Gordon , who films the party . While they are having lunch , Ned 's wife Eve arrives , and is rude to her , causing her to cut her hand on a glass . Eve tells her that she wants her to bleed to death , Chloe goes outside , and later on , Stan comes to find her . He tells her that everyone else has gone , but she can stay the night . While she is in the bath , Rachel enters and asks her what she thinks during photoshoots . Chloe tells her that she just pretends during them . When she gets out of the bath , she finds that Graham has put the handcuffs Ned gave her on the bed . She goes to bed , and hears a noise outside . When she goes to investigate , Stan takes her back into the bedroom and drugs her , so she falls asleep . She wakes up again , and calls her friend , who hangs up on her . She decides to go downstairs , and sees Gordon watching the tapes of earlier in the evening . When he goes to bed , she snatches one and starts to watch it , seeing herself being sexually assaulted . Someone attempts to open the door , so she escapes through the window and gets outside , where she faints after seeing Stan in the car . She wakes up in the basement , where Stan handcuffs her to the bed . Meanwhile , her silent stalker Clive is still phoning her up . Using her barefeet to pick up the phone , she answers , and tells him she is trapped in the house that used to be a hotel . Theresa finds the tapes somewhere , and makes a poster to hand in to the police about Chloe , but they just laugh . Rachel finds the phone , and the group decide to hide it in the shed . Clive decides to make his way to the house , and Rachel gets rid of him . He phones Chloe and hears the phone in the shed , ringing , so decides to call the police . Inside , Theresa finds Chloe , but is unable to undo the cuffs . Ned arrives and tells Chloe they will need to make a tape of her enjoying herself , in case she tells the police what they have done . Stan tells Gordon that they need to kill Chloe , and they bundle her into a car . Unknown to them , they are followed by Clive . Ned tells Rachel that if they go through with their plan , they will be accessories to murder . Upstairs , Theresa breaks the window with a chair , and escapes down the side of the house , just as the police arrive . Ned gets her into the police car , and tells them to get out of there . Stan and Gordon arrive at their destination and Clive sees them . Stan distracts Clive , as Gordon tries to cover up Chloe 's noise . When Stan threatens him , Clive attempts to run him over , narrowly missing . He then begins chasing Gordon around in a circle , as the police arrive , and arrest Stan . Back at home , Clive gets some dinner from his wife , and looks out of his window to see Chloe getting back home . She calls Toby , who is playing the saxophone . After she hangs up , he reveals himself to be her other stalker .
Ranvijay positive Aniruddha <$> When college student Aniruddha meets pretty co-ed Niharika , they quickly become romantically involved . Unfortunately , their relationship ca n't escape the politics involved in sex and gang life . When Aniruddha meets Ranvijay ( [ [ Irfan Khan , a big man on campus prone to toting a gun , he believes he 's merely helping his fellow student escape from a rival gang . It 's not long into their friendship , however , that Aniruddha realizes Ranvijay is just using him as a means to get to Niharika .
Cenci negative her <$> Taylor plays Leonora , a prostitute despondent over the death of her daughter . Mia Farrow is Cenci , a lonely young woman who is immediately attracted to Leonora and practically adopts her as her mother . Albert , Cenci 's stepfather , intrudes into this make - believe mother and daughter relationship , and tragedy ensues .
Elizabeth positive Ben <$> When a wagon crashes into a ravine , prospector Ben Rumson finds two adult male occupants , brothers , one of whom is dead and the other of whom has a broken arm and leg . As the first man is about to be buried , gold dust is discovered at the grave site . Ben stakes a claim on the land and adopts the surviving brother as his " Pardner " while he recuperates . Pardner is initially innocent and romantic , illustrated by him singing a pining love song about a girl named Elisa , who he later sheepishly confesses exists only in his imagination . Pardner is a farmer who hopes to make enough in the gold rush to buy some land , and is openly suspicious of the drunken and seemingly amoral Ben . Ben claims that while he is willing to fight , steal , and cheat at cards , his system of ethics does not allow him to betray a partner . Ben will share the spoils of prospecting on the condition that Pardner takes care of him in his moments of drunkenness and melancholy . After the discovery of gold , " No Name City " springs up as a tent city with the miners alternating between wild parties and bouts of melancholy . The men become increasingly frustrated with the lack of female companionship , so the arrival of a Mormon , Jacob Woodling , with two wives is enough to catch the attention of the entire town . The miners claim it is unfair for the Mormon to have two wives when they have none . They persuade him to sell one of his wives to the highest bidder . Elizabeth , Jacob 's younger and more rebellious wife , agrees to be sold based on the reasoning that whatever she gets , it ca n't be as bad as what she currently has . A drunken Ben winds up with the highest bid for Elizabeth . Ben is readied for the wedding by the other miners , and is married to Elizabeth under " mining law , " with Ben being granted exclusive rights to " all her mineral resources . " Elizabeth , not content to be passively treated as property , threatens to shoot Ben on their wedding night if she is not treated with respect . While she believes Ben is not the type to truly settle down , this is acceptable if he builds a proper wooden cabin to provide her with some security for when he inevitably leaves . Ben is impressed by Elizabeth 's determination . He enlists the miners to keep this promise , and Elizabeth rejoices in having a proper home . Sensing the other miners becoming obsessed with her , Ben consumed by jealousy and paranoia . News comes of the pending arrival of " six French tarts " to a neighboring town and a plan is hatched to kidnap the women and bring them to " No Name City " , thus providing the other miners with female companionship . The town will prosper with additional sources of income as other miners from outlying regions will likely be willing to spend their money in No Name City if it means a chance to visit prostitutes . Ben heads up the mission and leaves Elizabeth in the care of Pardner . The two fall in love , whereupon Elizabeth , saying she also still loves Ben , convinces them that " if a Mormon man can have two wives , why ca n't a woman have two husbands ? " As the town booms , the arrangement with Ben , Pardner , and Elizabeth works well for a while . But soon the town becomes large enough that more civilized people from the East begin to settle there . A parson begins to make a concerted effort to persuade the people of No Name City to give up their evil ways , warning the townsfolk that they will be swallowed up by God 's wrath if they do not repent . Meanwhile , a group of new settlers is rescued from the snow , and the strait - laced family is invited to spend the winter with Elizabeth and Pardner , who is assumed to be her only husband . Ben is left to fend for himself in town . In revenge , he introduces one of the family , naive young Horton Fenty , to the pleasures of Rotten Luck Willie 's saloon and cat house . This leads to Elizabeth dismissing both Ben and Pardner from the log cabin . Pardner takes to gambling in Willie 's . As the gold begins to play out , Ben and a group of miners discover that gold dust is dropping through the floor boards of many of the saloons . They tunnel under all the businesses to get at the gold . This brings the story to its climax when , during a bull - and - bear fight , the streets collapse into the tunnels dug by Ben and the others and the town is destroyed . A reprise of " The Gospel of No Name City " plays as the town is literally swallowed by the earth . It is time for Ben to move on to the next gold field . Elizabeth and Pardner reconcile and plan to stay . As Ben departs , he comments that never knew Pardner 's real name , which Pardner then reveals : Sylvester Newel .
Corky positive Duke ; Corky negative Peggy ; Corky negative Greene ; Duke neutral Peggy <$> Charles " Corky " Withers has just failed in his first attempt at professional magic . His mentor says that he needs to have a better show business gimmick . A year later , Corky comes back as a combination magician and ventriloquist with a foul - mouthed dummy named Fats and is a huge success . His powerful agent Ben Greene is on the verge of signing Corky for his own television show , but Corky bails out for the Catskills , where he grew up , claiming to be " afraid of success . " In truth , he does not want to take the TV network 's required medical examination because doctors might find out that he suffers from severe issues , and that even off - stage he can not control Fats . In the Catskills , he reunites with his high - school crush , Peggy Ann Snow , who is stuck in a passionless marriage with Corky 's friend from high school , Duke . A magic trick with a deck of cards charms Peg into thinking they are soulmates . She and Corky make love , which sparks the jealousy not only of Peggy 's tough - guy husband but also the dummy Fats . Greene arrives unexpectedly , having tracked Corky down . After a tense confrontation where Greene discovers the truth about Corky 's mental state , the agent demands that Corky get help . Fats , however , convinces Corky to kill Greene . Corky does this by using Fats ' hard , wooden head . He then removes all of Greene 's identification and drags the corpse to the lake . When Corky tries to dispose of the body , however , Greene suddenly lunges at him , still alive . Corky , after an intense fight , manages to drown Greene . The next morning , Fats becomes even more possessive and jealous when Corky says that he plans to leave Fats behind so that he and Peggy can honeymoon by themselves . Duke returns from his trip earlier than expected . He suspects his wife cheated on him and wants to have a talk with Corky on the lake . Rather than confront him , Duke awkwardly confides to Corky that he loves Peggy and is worried about losing her . Duke suddenly spots a dead body on the edge of the lake . They row toward it . Duke , believing it could still be alive , sends Corky to get help . Duke finds that the man is indeed dead . Curious , he decides to search Corky 's cabin . Fats kills him with " help " from Corky . An increasingly deranged Corky manages to pull himself together and persuade Peg to run away with him . But she insists on waiting to tell Duke face to face . She thinks everything is fine until Fats " comes alive " and reveals that Corky 's card trick is only a ruse he uses to seduce women , and that Peg is only the latest of his conquests . Repulsed , she rejects Corky and locks herself in her bedroom . Fats says that , from this point on , he will make the decisions in Corky 's life . He immediately asserts this new authority by ordering Corky to kill Peg . Corky , turning on the charm and using Fats ' voice , apologizes to Peggy from in front of her locked door . A short while later , Corky returns with a bloodstained knife , Fats seems pleased — until it is revealed that the blood on the knife is Corky 's , having committed suicide so that he wo n't kill anyone else . As a result Fats also feels faint . They wonder which of them will die first . Moments later , Peggy returns to their cabin , happily calling out that she has changed her mind and has decided to run away with Corky after all .
Heath negative Brackenbury ; Elk neutral Brackenbury ; Heath negative Zattig <$> Union Colonel Claude Brackenbury has a cozy arrangement with his Confederate counterpart . They fire a few artillery rounds in each other 's general direction at precisely the same time each morning , then go back to contentedly waiting for the war to end . Captain Jared Heath , however , disturbs the status quo one day by going out and capturing some of the enemy . The Confederates feel obliged to retaliate . One thing leads to another and a military fiasco results . As punishment , Brackenbury and Heath are demoted , placed in charge of all the misfits General Willoughby can find and shipped west , where they can do no further damage . The rebels are suspicious , so they send a beautiful spy , Martha Lou Williams , to find out their " real " mission . After questioning Easy Jenny , a madam Martha Lou is traveling with , Heath sees through Martha Lou 's ruse . But he decides that he is going to marry her eventually , so Heath does his best to keep her out of mischief . When the unit is sent to escort an important gold shipment , the soldiers are captured by Thin Elk , an Indian chief in league with Hugo Zattig of the Confederates . Zattig 's men masquerade as Union soldiers and hijack the shipment . Thin Elk , meanwhile , recognizing Brackenbury as a fellow West Point graduate , lets his captives go , although without horses or guns . Heath takes charge . He and the men steal horses from the Indians , retrieve the gold and capture Zattig 's gang .
Susie positive Maggie ; Susie negative Emilio ; Pete positive Maggie ; Briones positive her ; Maggie negative Paul ; Maggie negative Jane <$> The film focuses on three beautiful American women in Madrid who fall in love . The film starts as ingenue Susie Higgins arrives in the city and moves in with her old friend Maggie Williams and her roommate Fran Hobson . Susie experiences a culture shock , when she is informed by Maggie and Fran that all rich , attractive men are taken , and all rich but poor are too proud to take on wealthy , American women . It becomes clear to Susie that she is nothing like her roommates , who use gain from their sexuality . Maggie , for instance , is a secretary who has recently ended an affair , and is now in love with her boss Paul Barton , much to the dismay of her co-worker Pete McCoy , a newspaper man . Fran , meanwhile , an aspiring actress , flamenco dancer and singer , stumbles upon an attractive Spanish doctor Dr. Andres Briones during one of her hectic days , and immediately falls for him , even though he does not seem to be interested . While at the Museo del Prado , Susie catches the eye of wealthy playboy Emilio Lacayo . Homesick , Susie is comforted by the kind words of Emilio , and dismisses Maggie 's warnings that he is a ' corrupt , heartless man ' . During a formal party , where Fran delivers a musical performance , Susie is surprised by Emilio 's interest in another girl and his lack of attention for her . Meanwhile , Maggie is upset that a dance between her and Paul is interrupted by his jealous wife Jane . She asks Pete a ride home and expresses her discontent in his plans to leave Madrid for Paris , which is caused by his dislike in Paul . Feeling that he is behaving too much as a playboy , Maggie admits that she thinks that he could be a great newspaper man if he tried . The next morning , Susie attempts to take revenge on Emilio for his behavior with a devious plan . Fran offers to aid her , but when she crosses paths with Dr. Briones , she dismisses her friend to spend a romantic afternoon with him . Briones criticizes Fran 's mockery of her own career , though she rationalizes this by claiming that one should not be serious of a career that is going nowhere . Hereafter , she claims that Briones has left her and that she is planning on returning to the United States . Meanwhile - though without Fran 's help - Susie is makes Emilio believe that she is falling for him . When he proposes for marriage , she hastely accepts and rushes into proceedings - with intention to scare him off - much to his surprise . Later that night , she confronts him with his playboy behavior , and he defends himself by claiming that he has fallen for her . At the office , a personal conversation between Maggie and Paul , during which Maggie discusses Pete 's love for her and Paul expresses his dissatisfaction with current life , leads to a romantic embracement - though Pete walks in on them and storms off . That night , Paul wakes Maggie up with a phone call , and tells her that he is looking for Pete for an assignment . Maggie is upset that Paul thinks that Pete would be with her at night and throws a tantrum , blaming him for thinking that she is ' easy ' . Eventually , Susie comforts her by informing her about her engagement to Emilio , until they find out that Fran has left the house . They worry about her , without realizing that she is spending her final days in Madrid in joy with Briones . She considers to cancel her plane to stay with Briones in Madrid , helping him to save money for his clinic , though he has too much pride to ask her not to leave . Fran returns home , saying her friends that Briones was too poor to support her . Meanwhile , Susie is stood up by Emilio on an afternoon that she is scheduled to meet his mother . She decides to bring his mother a visit by herself , and is shocked that Mrs. Lacayo has no idea who she is . She apologizes for her son 's behavior and explains that this is not the first time that Emilio misled a girl , leaving Susie heartbroken . Back at home , Maggie is upset by her roommates ' unhappiness and runs to a formal party with Paul . Though she is upset that he does not court her , unaware that this is a decision made by a serious conversation with Pete . Maggie leaves the ballroom , upset , and is confronted by Jane for being Paul 's mistress . Maggie defends herself by claiming that Jane has lost her husband due to her lack of love for him , and when she furthermore expresses her pity for her , Jane slaps her and leaves . In turn , Maggie gets drunk and allows for Pete to take her home . They are about to kiss when she passes out . The following day , Maggie visits the office to inform Paul that she will return to New York with Fran and Susie . Paul accepts the situation and even arranges a meeting with Emilio to make him realize that he has made a mistake with Susie . On their final evening , the three women attend yet another formal party , where Paul announces his shift to New York . The women decide to stay and are all reunited with their men , though Maggie ends not with Paul , but with Pete , who has been called Paul 's successor in Madrid .
Caldwell negative Osceola <$> At Fort King , Florida , in 1835 , Lt. Lance Caldwell is charged with the murder of a sentry . At his court martial , he recounts the story of the fragile peace between the settlers and the native Seminole Indians and how that peace is threatened by the strict fort commander , Maj. Harlan Degan who wants to wipe out the natives . Caldwell ’s childhood sweetheart , Revere Muldoon , meets with Osceola , a Seminole chief and old friend of Lt. Caldwell ’s . Through respect for Caldwell , Osceola comes to the fort under a flag of truce , but is imprisoned by Maj. Degan . Osceola dies whilst in captivity and Caldwell is accused of his murder and jailed . Eventually the truth comes out and the Seminole Indians rescue Caldwell from his prison .
Simpson negative Eddie <$> The story centers on Billy " Shiner " Simpson a boxing promoter banned from legitimate fights until he finds a promising start in his son Eddie . The night of the fight sees Eddie killed , and Simpson suspects rival Frank Spedding . Billy seeks revenge , only to grow mad as his suspicions draw closer to home .
Bishop negative CIA ; Muir positive Bishop ; Bishop neutral Hadley ; Muir positive CIA <$> Set in 1991 , the film depicts the governments of the U.S. and China on the verge of a major trade agreement , with the President of the United States due to pay a visit to China to seal the deal . The CIA gets word that its agent Tom Bishop has been captured trying to free an Englishwoman , Elizabeth Hadley , from a People 's Liberation Army prison in Su Chou near Shanghai . Bishop is being questioned under torture and will be executed in 24 hours unless he is claimed by the U.S. government . If the CIA claims Bishop as an agent , they risk destroying the trade agreement . Exacerbating the situation is the fact that Bishop was operating without permission from the Agency . In an attempt to quickly deal with the situation , CIA executives call in Nathan Muir , an aging mid-level case officer on his last day before retirement and the man who recruited Bishop . Although they tell Muir they simply need him to act as a " stop gap " to fill in some holes in their background files , the officials are hoping he gives them the smoking gun they need to justify letting Bishop die . The CIA higher - ups are not aware that Muir has already been tipped off by fellow CIA veteran Harry Duncan , for whom Bishop had been working an operation in Hong Kong before going rogue , about Bishop 's capture prior to Muir 's arrival at the CIA 's headquarters . Muir first attempts to save Bishop by leaking the story to CNN through a contact in Hong Kong , believing that the CIA will rescue Bishop once a public outcry puts pressure on them to do so . Unfortunately , the tactic only stalls them as a phone call to the FCC from CIA Deputy Director Charles Harker results in CNN retracting the story . During the debriefing , Muir describes how he recruited Bishop for an operation when Bishop was a U.S. Marine scout sniper during the Vietnam War . Muir also discusses their tour of duty in Berlin , Germany in 1976 where Bishop was tasked with procuring East German assets with Muir commanding , as well as Bishop 's spy work in Beirut , Lebanon in 1985 during the War of the Camps , which was the last time the two saw each other . During the mission in Lebanon , Bishop met Hadley , and they began developing romantic feelings for each other . However , it is later revealed that Hadley was involved in a bombing of the Chinese embassy in the UK , causing her to flee the country . Fearing that Bishop 's feelings for Hadley might compromise his cover and the mission , Muir tips off the Chinese to Hadley 's location in return for freeing an arrested US diplomat . Chinese agents kidnap Hadley , and Bishop cuts all ties to Muir when he discovers his involvement . After realizing Hadley was the target of Bishop 's rescue attempt , Muir finally learns that he greatly underestimated Bishop 's feelings for her . Running out of time , Muir secretly creates a forged urgent operational directive from the CIA director to commence Operation Dinner Out , a rescue mission spearheaded by Commander Wiley 's U.S. Navy SEAL team , which Bishop laid the groundwork for as a " Plan B " to his own rescue attempt . Using US$ 282,000 of his life savings and a misappropriated file on Chinese coastline satellite imagery , Muir enlists Duncan 's help in bribing a Chinese energy official to cut power to the prison for 30 minutes , during which time the SEAL rescue team retrieves Bishop and Hadley . Bishop , who is rescued at the end of the film 15 minutes before his scheduled execution , realizes Muir was behind his rescue since the name of the plan to rescue him , " Operation Dinner Out " , was a reference to a birthday gift that Bishop gave Muir while they were in Lebanon . When the CIA officials are informed of the rescue , Muir has already left the building and is seen driving off into the countryside .
Rose positive Cosmo ; Johnny negative Loretta ; Ronny negative Loretta ; Ronny negative Johnny ; her positive Loretta ; Rose positive Perry ; her neutral Perry ; Loretta negative Rose ; Loretta neutral Cosmo <$> Thirty - seven - year - old Loretta Castorini , an Italian American widow , is an accountant for a few local businesses in Brooklyn Heights , New York . She lives in a large , comfortable house with her parents : Cosmo a successful plumber , Rose and her grandfather , Cosmo 's father . Her boyfriend , Johnny Cammareri , proposes to her over dinner in a neighborhood Italian restaurant , The Grand Ticino , before leaving for Sicily to attend to his dying mother . She agrees on the condition that he observes the formalities of kneeling and presenting a ring because she considers that her previous marriage was cut short because they had n't observed them . Johnny asks Loretta to invite his estranged younger brother Ronny to the wedding . Loretta drives Johnny to the airport , then stops at a liquor store for a bottle of champagne , where she hears the proprietors bickering , the wife accusing the husband of being " a wolf . " At home , Cosmo is listening to Vicki Carr 's recording of It Must Be Him and brooding . Loretta pours them a drink and shares her news . Cosmo points out that she married before and it did n't work out . Loretta says that she had bad luck , that her husband was hit by a bus . She believes the bad luck was caused by her not having had a real wedding . Cosmo had not approved , and they had gotten married at City Hall , with no party , dress , no cake ... and had had bad luck . He agrees . She tells him she has to have a " real " wedding this time . They wake Rose to tell her the news . She asks Loretta if she loves Johnny . Loretta says no , but she likes him . Rose says that is good , " When you love them they drive you crazy because they know they can . " The next morning as Loretta and Rose have breakfast , Johnny calls from Sicily where his mother is dying . He has n't told her about his engagement yet . Loretta urges him not to wait until she is dead . He reminds Loretta of her promise to visit Ronny . She visits the bakery that Ronny owns . He explains the reason for the bad blood : Ronny had been engaged to a woman , and during that time Johnny had come in one day to buy bread . Ronny talked to Johnny as he sliced the bread and was n't paying attention , and he lost his hand in the slicer . His fiancée left him because he was " maimed . " Ronny blames Johnny for the accident . He is very upset . Loretta tells him she has not come to upset him but to talk . They go to his apartment above the bakery and Loretta cooks him a meal and they drink whiskey and talk . Loretta tells Ronny that he is a " wolf " who allowed himself to lose his hand rather than be caught in a trap . Ronny sweeps Loretta into bed , and they make love . That night an amazing full moon shines over the couples in the story . In the morning , Loretta feels ashamed and tells Ronny they can never see each other again . He admits he 's fallen in love but agrees to not see her again -- if she will go to the opera with him that night , because then he would have had the two things he loves most , the opera and Loretta . She agrees to meet him at the Met . That day Loretta goes to a beauty salon and has her hair colored and styled , her eyebrows plucked -- a complete makeover . She shops for a beautiful gown and shoes . She stops at the church to go to confession , telling the priest that she has slept with her fiancé 's brother . The priest urges her to " consider her life . " She sees Rose sitting in the church , and they talk . Rose tells her that Cosmo is seeing another woman . Loretta does not believe her . Meanwhile , Cosmo is having lunch at a fancy restaurant with his mistress Mona . He presents her with a gift of a gold bracelet . There is a scene that evening where Loretta plays romantic music as she leisurely dresses for the opera and then takes a cab to meet Ronny at the Met . He is wearing a tux and they are both transformed . Loretta is deeply moved by her first opera , Puccini 's " La Bohème " . That night Rose dines alone at The Grand Ticino and witnesses a dramatic breakup between a young coed and a college professor named Perry . She invites Perry to dine with her ; afterwards he walks her home . She knows her husband has a mistress but refuses to be unfaithful and does n't take Perry 's suggestion that she invite him in " because I know who I am . " As Loretta and Ronny leave the opera , she sees Cosmo with Mona ; both Loretta and Cosmo are shocked to see the other with someone other than their proper partner , but they agree to ignore the fact that they saw each other . Loretta and Ronny stop at a bar for a drink . Loretta is upset about Cosmo 's infidelity and feels guilty for being with Ronny . She explains to him how a person can decide to do things differently and change . But he desperately and passionately persuades her into another tryst . Meanwhile , Johnny 's mother has made a miraculous recovery after being told of his plans to marry Loretta , and he has returned from Sicily unexpectedly , stopping at Loretta 's house on his way back from the airport . Rose tells him that Loretta is out , she does n't know where . While they have the opportunity to talk , Rose asks him why men cheat on women . First he suggests that it might have something to do with Adam looking for his missing rib , but Rose lays out her opinion that the real reason is fear of death . While they are talking , Cosmo comes home from the opera . Rose says to him , " I just want you to know no matter what you do , you 're gon na die just like everyone else . " Loretta arrives home the following morning , having spent another night with Ronny . Rose is alone in the kitchen and tells her that Johnny has come back from Italy and will be there soon and remarks that Loretta has a love bite on her neck . As they wait , Ronny arrives . Rose lets him in and looks at his neck where she sees a love bite . Rose invites Ronny to stay for breakfast , and he accepts before Loretta can stop him . Cosmo and the grandfather come down for breakfast . Cosmo 's father tells him that he must pay for Loretta 's wedding this time , and sits down . As they all sit around the table , Rose asks Cosmo if she has been a good wife , and when he tells her yes she tells Cosmo that she wants him to stop seeing his mistress . After hesitating , he agrees to , but complains that his life is worth nothing . Rose counters that his life is not worth nothing , that she loves him . Rose 's brother Raymond Cappomaggi and his wife Rita stop in because Loretta , who does their books , forgot to make the bank deposit from their delicatessen while she was getting her makeover , and they are worried . Everyone is introduced to Ronny , and they all await Johnny 's arrival . When Johnny finally comes in , he explains to Loretta that if he marries her , his mother will die . Loretta , forgetting momentarily that this is good news , throws the engagement ring at him . Seizing the moment , Ronny asks Loretta to marry him ; he borrows Johnny 's ring , and Loretta accepts . Rose asks Loretta if she loves him , and when Loretta says , " I love him awful , " Rose comments that that 's too bad . The family shares a bottle of champagne to celebrate and the grandfather insists that Johnny join in the toast because he will now be one of the family as well .
Chimaanbhai negative Janardhan ; Aarti negative Divya ; Vikram neutral Divya ; Vikram negative Chimaanbhai <$> A gangster named Shah , owing allegiance to the Janardhan gang , is killed by Chimaanbhai . Although Janardhan is in prison , he ensures that Chimaanbhai is notified of his anger and vengeance . Chimaanbhai arranges a meeting with Janardhan and kills him . Some schoolchildren and their teacher , Aarti Singh , who are at a picnic nearby witness this , but Chimaanbhai and his men hunt them down and kill them all . The entire country is shocked at this killing , and the police are under pressure to apprehend the killers at any cost . Aarti 's brother , police inspector Vikram Singh , assists in finding out who the killer is and gets his girlfriend , Divya , to pose as Aarti to lure the killers into the open . This get results &mdash; albeit not the ones Vikram and Divya had hoped . They are now on the run &mdash; from Chimaanbhai 's gangsters and from corrupt policemen , a member of Parliament . Divya plans to get kidnapped , but Vikram gets kidnapped instead . When he tries to escape , Chimaanbhai attacks him . Chimaanbhai is then shot by Divya from his backside .
Suzy negative Terry ; Andre positive Suzy <$> In 1914 , American showgirl " Suzy " Trent is in London , looking for romance and meets and marries Irish engineer and inventor Terry Moore . The couple stumble on a German plot and her husband is shot by Madame Diane Eyrelle , a mysterious spy . Fearing she will be implicated in Terry 's death , Suzy flees to Paris as World War I begins . In the cabaret where she works , Suzy meets famed French ace Capt. Andre Charville who immediately falls in love with her . Their sudden marriage is not welcomed at first by his aristocratic father , Baron Edward Charville but Suzy cares for him as her husband goes to the front . After he is wounded , Suzy goes to his side but finds that her first husband who survived his shooting , is delivering new British fighters to Andre 's squadron . She also discovers Andre has been unfaithful and the beautiful woman who has been caring for him was the German spy she saw in London . In a confrontation with the spy and her henchman , Andre is killed but Terry flies his dangerous mission , taking revenge on the spy and the German fighters who had planned to ambush Andre . His crash landing back at the spy 's chateau ends with Andre 's dead body being placed next to his aircraft . At the funeral that follows , even German flyers pay homage and Terry is ordered to see the ace 's widow back home to Paris .
Pretorius neutral Crawford ; Katherine neutral Crawford ; Bubba neutral Crawford ; Katherine neutral Bubba ; Katherine negative Edward ; Katherine negative Bloch ; Bloch neutral Crawford ; Edward negative Crawford <$> { { plot } } Dr. Edward Pretorius is a scientist who has developed the Resonator , a machine which allows whoever is within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality . His assistant , Dr. Crawford Tillinghast , activates the machine and soon sees strange creatures in the air . When he is bitten by one of them , he urges Pretorius to turn the machine off . However , the crazed Pretorius refuses , claiming that the machine 's effects on his brain are giving him an " orgasm of the mind . " Events transpire to the point where Crawford escapes Pretorius ' attic laboratory with an axe , fleeing outside . When the police arrive , they find Pretorius decapitated . Crawford is arrested for the murder . Crawford is committed to a psychiatric ward , where he is treated by Dr. Katherine McMichaels . After Crawford gives his account of Pretorius ' death , Katherine conducts a brain scan and notice that Crawford 's pineal gland has grown . Katherine , convinced of Crawford 's innocence , decides to let him return to the house in order to show her the Resonator . They are accompanied by Detective Bubba Brownlee , who investigated Pretorius ' death . Upon returning to the house , Katherine and Crawford rebuild the Resonator . Crawford reactivates the machine , which causes more creatures to appear . A severely deformed Pretorius , still alive , appears in the attic and tells the trio of a world beyond that is more pleasurable than normal reality . Pretorius ' body gruesomely breaks apart when Crawford attempts to touch him , leading Bubba to draw his gun and fire at the mad doctor . Crawford shuts off The Resonator , making Pretorius and the creatures vanish . It is now morning , and the three discuss the creatures over breakfast . Katherine - who insists that the Resonator could possibly cure schizophrenia - suggests that they turn the machine back on , but Bubba and Crawford disagree . They all go to sleep , each with a headache . But while everyone is sleeping , Katherine gets back up to feel the pleasure from the machine and turns it back on , bringing forth a worried Crawford and the now almost unrecognizable Edward who is mutated and covered in slime . Bubba enters the scene as Edward grabs Katherine and rips off her clothes , preparing to eat her mind and take her to the world of beyond . Crawford and Bubba go down into the basement to shut off the power , but encounter a giant worm - monster , prompting Crawford to conclude the vibration waves permeate the entire house . The worm begins to devour Crawford , but Bubba succeeds in shutting off the power , bringing a hairless Crawford back , and sending Edward away . The freed Katherine then turns off the machine and meets the others downstairs , crying and feeling ashamed and horrified for turning it back on . Bubba decides that they should leave the house , but as Katherine puts lotion on Crawford 's inflamed skin , she expresses her desire to monitor the machine to figure out where the creatures are coming from . Bubba refuses and tells her to go get dressed . She begins to explore other parts of the house , finding Edward 's old S&M outfits and putting one on . She then starts to tease a sleeping Crawford , until Bubba comes in and tells her to snap out of it , which she does , throwing a robe over the outfit . All of a sudden the power returns and The Resonator turns back on , as all three of them run up into the attic to deactivate it . Katherine and Crawford are attacked by little bee - like creatures that strip the flesh off of their victims , and as Bubba pushes them out of the way , he is devoured to the bone . A now almost fully mutated Edward , without any legs or proper arms , grabs Katherine and starts to drag her flesh torn , bleeding body towards him . Crawford fights Edward and succeeds in freeing Katherine but then his enlarged pineal gland pops out of his forehead like an antenna . Katherine short circuits the machine by spraying it repeatedly with a fire extinguisher . She then takes Crawford back to the hospital , where she is evaluated for insanity and schizophrenia , since her story was just like Crawford 's and she is blamed by Dr. Bloch and the police for this evening 's events . Vindictive Dr. Bloch then orders for Katherine to get shock treatment . Dr. Bloch then goes to perform an autopsy on an undead Crawford , who is on the lookout for brains to eat with the use of his antenna . As Katherine is being prepared for shock treatment by a sadistic staff member , Crawford attacks and eats Dr. Bloch 's brain . Katherine escapes , gets new clothes , and drives back to the house with a bomb . Crawford follows her on a hijacked ambulance car . Katherine puts the bomb on The Resonator , sets it for 5 minutes , and goes to leave , only to have Crawford chain her up in Edward 's S&M room , claiming that he loves her . As he is about to eat her brain , she bites off his exposed , enlarged pineal gland , reverting him to his senses . However , Crawford is pulled away by a completely deformed , mutated Edward . Meanwhile , Katherine manages to attract the leech creatures that sense her movement and bite through the straps , releasing her . Crawford fights Edward , only to be eaten by him . Edward chases Katherine into the laboratory , where Crawford 's form begins to tear out through Edward 's skin and muscles . The two fight for the control of the deformed body , until it dissolves in its own digestive fluids . Katherine finally frees herself and jumps out the attic window , right as the whole attic explodes . She lands on her legs , breaking one , and as the neighbors gather around her , she goes from sobbing to laughing hysterically as she tells them , " It ATE him ! "
Siva negative Ashok <$> This film involves two characters both played by Jiiva . Siva is a fisherman and does good things while on the other hand , Ashok is a lawyer , womanizer , and does bad things . At one point Ashok kills a girl with whom he made love . By certain amount of doubt , his brother Siva drags Ashok to court , where Ashok uses his professional knowledge to escape out of the case . However , Siva finds out that Ashok is behind the murder of the girl . Siva confronts Ashok . Ashok hires goons to kill Siva . In a predictable climax Ashok gets killed and Siva unites with his childhood love .
her negative Victor ; her negative Zombie ; Victor positive Lena ; Victor negative Thomas ; Shawn negative Zombie ; her neutral Bob ; Victor negative Zombie ; Trent negative Victor <$> Picking up immediately where the first film ended , Marybeth is attacked by Victor Crowley , but manages to escape . Jack Cracker finds her , pulls her out of the river , and takes her back to his cabin . After finding out her last name , he forces her to leave , telling her that if she wants help , she needs to see Reverend Zombie . Moments after she leaves Jack is killed by Victor Crowley who severs his intestines out and uses them to cut off his head . Marybeth returns to Reverend Zombie 's shop , and after demanding to speak with him , he reluctantly lets her in . After learning her last name , he tells her that her father was one of the boys responsible for causing the fire that killed Victor Crowley . He also tells her that Thomas , Victor 's father , had an affair with his wife 's nurse , after she was diagnosed with stomach cancer . Moments before dying , she places a curse on the child conceived by Lena from the affair . Lena dies after giving birth to the deformed Victor Crowley . After Victor is killed in the fire , Thomas confronts the three boys responsible . Both they and their parents deny it . Thomas becomes a shut - in and eventually dies . Then a scene is shown in which Victor slaughters five people who invade his land . Marybeth tells him she wants to go back and retrieve the remains of her father and brother . He agrees , but tells her she must bring a family member with her . After she leaves , Zombie calls Justin and tells him his brother Shawn , the tour guide who was murdered the night before , never came back with the boat . He lies and says they are going into the swamp to find Shawn and the boat . He tells Justin to gather a group of hunters and a man named Trent to go with them . Marybeth returns home , where her uncle Bob later shows up . He tells her she needs to stay away from Reverend Zombie , but reluctantly goes with her to a recruitment meeting in Zombie 's shop . Zombie tells the hunters that he will pay them $ 500 dollars each to retrieve his boat and $ 5,000 dollars for the head of Victor Crowley . He tells Trent that he will pay him double to go , and Trent agrees . The hunters leave and go into the swamp , including Marybeth and her uncle . They find the boat and as the rest leave two of the hunters , Cleutus and Chad stay by the boat . The others split up to find Victor . Marybeth , Zombie , Justin , Bob , and Trent go looking by Crowley 's shed for the bodies . Along the way , Zombie tells Justin that Trent , Bob and Marybeth 's father were the kids who started the fire that killed Victor . He says that once Crowley kills Bob and Trent , his soul will leave the swamp . After not finding the bodies in the shed , they check the main cabin . Meanwhile , the rest of the hunting party are killed off by Crowley . Chad is hacked in the face violently and Cletus has his face mutilated by a boat propeller . While Layton and Avery are having sex , Victor appears and decapitates Layton . Avery tries to run away but Victor whacks her inbetween the legs by the hatchet and finally John and Vernon both split in half from the groin up with a 8ft chainsaw . While searching the cabin , they hear Victor outside . While hiding , Justin tells Marybeth of Zombie 's plot to get her uncle and Trent killed . She runs to warn Bob but Justin jams the door shut with a chair . Victor turns up behind him and kills him by ripping his head open with a belt sander . Bob and the others attempt to get into the room . Victor breaks down the door , and Marybeth attempts to attack him but is tossed against the wall . Trent attempts to fight him , but is killed when Victor severs the top of his head by kicking it against a table . Zombie grabs Marybeth , drags her out of the house against her will , and traps Bob inside with Victor . Marybeth screams as she hears Bob murdered by Victor inside . She falls to the ground crying and Zombie declares Victor Crowley dead . Marybeth says she will go to the police . Zombie tells her she is wrong as he points his gun at her head . She tells him Bob was n't her real uncle . Her father 's brother died of leukemia when she was twelve . Victor breaks through the wall of the cabin and goes after Zombie , Zombie nearly chokes Victor with his hands , but Victor kills him by severing him in half with the hatchet and then yanks his spinal cord , which pulled him out of his skin and then Victor throws Zombie at the wall killing him . Marybeth attacks Victor with his hatchet , knocking him to the ground and striking him repeatedly with the hatchet . She stops and walks off just as Victor 's hand twitches . Marybeth returns and stands over him with a shotgun , yells " Fuck you ! " and fires the gun into his head finally killing him and ending his reign of terror ; or so she thinks .
Manohar positive Sekhar ; Kotayya negative Manohar ; Kotayya positive Sekhar <$> Kotayya is a kind man . He marries Rami . She succumbs to pressure from Gopala Swamy and elopes with him , leaving her husband . Rami and Gopala successfully plan and send Kotayya to jail . After returning from jail , Kotayya becomes a rowdy drunkard . He plans to take revenge and kill Gopala Swamy . During the fateful night when he prepares to implement his plan , he hears a little child 's cries . His humanity overtakes his thirst for revenge . He takes the child , a girl named Papa , under his wings . Papa is the daughter of Manohar and Santa . The child 's mother dies after giving birth to her . Manohar , the father , remarries . Kotayya begins a new life in taking care of the child . He leaves rowdyism and drinking . The grown - up Papa is loved by Sekhar , the nephew of Manohar . Learning this , the landlord calls Kotayya and shows anger with him . Then Manohar announces that Papa is his daughter . The landlors agrees to Sekhar 's marriage with Papa and makes Kotayya happy .
Nat negative Finch ; Iris neutral Finch ; Nat positive Iris <$> Nat Banyon is a hitch - hiker whose dream is to open an ostrich farm in Wyoming . Early in the trip , he gets in a fight at a truck - stop bar and in the ruckus , takes his opponent 's car keys , stealing his sports car . Continuing the journey , he finds a stranger trapped in an overturned vehicle . He rescues him just as the car is completely destroyed by an incoming truck . Grateful for saving his life , the stranger , Herman Finch , hires Nat as the handyman for his motel . Nat soon learns that Finch runs a criminal network , acting in collusion with the police . Most of the locals are also in league with Finch . And everyone who irritates or opposes him soon turns up missing . They are then found dead . Finch 's young , attractive wife Iris soon hatches a plan to run off with Nat , planning to steal Finch 's ill - gotten gains . Soon , Finch begins manipulating Nat when the latter begins questioning him about all the mysterious activities that had been taking place . Finch challenges Nat to a boxing match . If Nat won , he would be free to leave and take his car as well as the salary that he had made as Finch 's handyman . Nat shows up to the fight after training himself to tip - top shape . When he steps into the ring , Finch suddenly reveals that the fight was a joke . Finch actually never intended Nat to leave ; Nat had been too good of a worker and had learned about too many of his dark secrets . Enraged , Nat attacks Finch , and then rushes to the motel . There , he grabs Iris and tells her that they had to leave . Despite her resistance , Nat is too deeply in love with Iris to escape alone . He kidnaps her and speeds away . Unsure of where to go in the night , Nat follows Iris ' directions . However , Iris deceives Nat to drive to the barn where he had seen Finch for the fight . In a final fit of frustration , Nat drives off into the water . He swims out for a final showdown with Finch . Nat loses the fight , and the police arrive to arrest him . It is only later discovered that Nat was a schizophrenic who had multiple personalities . The film had generally focused on his nobler personality . Not only did he fix Finch 's motel , Nat also helped Finch murder his enemies . His personalities were likely entirely unaware of each other . The film also slowly alludes to the fact that Iris ' love for Nat had been Nat 's own hallucination . Nat is sent to a mental hospital where he falls deeper into mental illness , whimpering about the baby ostriches that he would now never have the chance to raise .
Ryan positive her ; Jason positive her ; her negative Alexis ; Jason negative Alexis <$> Jenny Taylor is a fan of Jason Masters , a world - famous rock star , but her efforts to meet him are always thwarted by her nemesis , Alexis . Hoping to get another chance , Jenny takes a job in Masters ' favorite Caribbean resort in St. Luchas with Ryan ( [ [ Jonathan Bennett her lifelong friend . She gets her chance by sneaking aboard a vessel Jason is on , but he is washed overboard in a storm while recovering from a bout of sea - sickness , and Jenny jumps in to save him . The pair find themselves stranded on a seemingly - deserted tropical island . Jenny discovers that they have landed a short distance from the resort , but instead of telling Jason the truth , she selfishly leads him believe they are stranded so she can make him fall in love with her . After she discovers Jenny 's plan , a jealous Alexis pretends to be marooned as well and joins them . As Jenny 's plans fall apart , she begins to realize that her perfect love may have been with her all along - Ryan , whom she has always put off dating due to their friendship , has had a crush on her his whole life . While Ryan has been helping her by giving her things to survive on the island , he has been seeking advice on asking her out . He completely transforms himself and when she sees him , all she talks about is Jason . Ryan starts to feel bad and begins to leave , but he stops the car midway , gets off and kisses her . He tells her they are perfect together and confesses he ca n't stop thinking about her , but Jenny protests that they are friends . Upon hearing this , he feels bad and leaves her standing alone as he gets into the car and tells her that he is going back home . She feels bad and goes and tells Jason everything and he promises to sue her before leaving . She is still on the other side of the island , when Ryan begins to pack his things and go back home . At that moment , the resort receives news that a storm is going to hit St. Luchas Puerto Plata on the side where Jenny is . Unaware of the news , Jenny sits on a branch when the storm hits . Upon hearing about the storm , Ryan rushes onto the other side to save her . When he reaches there , the storm has already hit , so he takes Jenny into the jungle separating the resort and the beach , and lights a fire to keep her warm . After this moment , Jenny realizes that he is the one that cares for her the most . She comes back to the resort with Ryan after the storm is over and sees that the whole resort is practically destroyed . When Jenny and Ryan reach the lobby , Jason and his manager pull her inside a room , where they tell her that they need her help and that they are holding a press conference to tell everyone about the case . When she is about to answer , Ryan bursts inside the room and tells Jason that whatever he does , he should not lose Jenny and that she will be the best girl Jason will ever meet . After that he confesses his love for Jenny and then is forced / carried out by Jason 's bodyguard Gail . During the press conference , when Jenny sees Jason lying about everything that happened on the island , she just wants to get it over with . She tells them all that Alexis is his girlfriend and that they are going to get married , and declares to everyone that her real boyfriend is Ryan and then walks up to him and kisses him after both exchange words . Then we see them walking down the resort and dancing . The movie ends with Jason in concert , unhappily dedicating a song to his wife , Alexis .
Tejima negative Yuko ; Ryouko neutral Nao ; Komori positive Nao ; Ryouko neutral Tejima ; Ryouko neutral Komori ; Ryouko positive Mitsuya ; Yuko negative Nao <$> Two students , Yuko and her friend , arrive at Mitsuya where Yuko proclaims she can not enter the shop . She backs away too far and gets killed by a truck . Ryouko Kagami , a representative of the Cosmo Mart chain , is looking is to take Mitsuya into the chain on behalf of her boss , Tejima . She explains to the shop owners , Mr and Mrs Kitura , that Tejima could not come as he was in an accident . Asked for more details , Ryouko explains that that his feet were amputated , which the Kituras find amusing . Kitura tells her she must do the inventory like Tejima promised before they allow them to stock Cosmo Mart products . Nao Niigaki , the young woman who works the morning part - time shift , becomes friends with Ryouko . Ryouko goes to do the inventory and a customer in a hooded winter coat comes in and starts reading a magazine . Nao tries to get a good look at his face but can only see darkness . Later , a man comes in and buys a product for 666 yen . While walking home , that man encounters a white ball which has rolled from a dark alley . He picks up the ball and walks into the alley where a voice asks him to return the ball . He walks into the darkness , disappears , and the ball is bounced outside again . While Nao sorts the drinks in the freezer , she sees a pair of eyes staring back at her . Ryouko , while doing inventory , finds a product that expired three years ago . She questions the Kituras , who blankly continue staring in the video camera of the store . Two crows crash into the window , killing themselves . Nao and Ryouko go to outside to investigate , where the Kituras are somehow already present with a hose . They hose away the crow remains , laughing madly . The night - shift part - timer , Komori , takes Nao 's position . That night , a man and woman buy products for 699 yen and 999 yen respectively . On the way home , the woman is stalked by a man with a sledgehammer , who eventually appears inside her apartment and attacks her . The next day , Ryouko receives a call from Tejima , who tells her " everyone has feet " before the signal becomes static . Tejima puts the phone down and murmurs " Ghosts do n't have feet " and continues to watch people pass by in his wheelchair . That night , Komori serves the hooded man who was in the shop the previous day . The till registers 44.44444 yen , and Komori looks up and finds only blackness in the hood . The man then forces Komori 's head inside the hood . Komori comes out in shock and panic . Ryouko arrives and sees that one of Komori 's eyes has monstrously bulged out of his sockets . The Kituras smile blankly at Komori . Ryouko takes his shift for him and sells products to a woman for 666 and a man whose total was originally 907 until he was hypnotized by steamed buns . He buys one and the price changes to 999 . That night , the woman was cooking food for her boyfriend until a blackout occurred . She opens her fridge to find a long lit - up corridor . Confused , she closes it and the light returns to her house . She opens it again to find a pale girl coming out of the corridor . She climbs out and continues to get closer to the woman . A hand appears behind her and she turns around to find the girl . The woman takes the knife and stabs her . The camera reveals that the girl behind her was actually her boyfriend and that she only sees the ghost . The woman is then shown to have suffocated by a bag over her head , it is unknown if she committed suicide or the ghost finished killed her . The camera zooms onto a picture on the fridge of her and her boyfriend , with the ghost disfiguring half her face . That same night , the man is at a Japan bathhouse . He pays the old man in front who is blankly staring at the screen and enters the bathhouse . While taking a bath , he find a weird bloodstain , moving shadows and somebody 's hair . When he exits the bath , he slips on the hair and is knocked unconscious . When he wakes up , the old man is over him asking if he is okay . The old man then suddenly grabs the man 's head and smashes his head on the corner of a slab , likely killing him . He grabs the man 's steamed bun and eats it while watching the television . That same night , Nao is walking home until she arrives at a railway with a train running through it . The hooded man appears and tries to pull her toward the train . She resists until the train passes and the hooded man disappears . While on her way to work , Nao finds a homeless woman who tells her to come with her to learn more about the store . Nao examines the baby carriage the woman is pushing to find a china doll in there . Nao leaves with the woman , looking back to find Komori staring blankly into space like the Kituras . Nao and the woman talk at the park . Ryouko , passing by , joins them . The woman reveals that the man who owned the store was a very evil man who abused everyone . While building the store , the owner abused his contractor in many ways with money . The contractor , in anger , broke all the tombstones of people without families and used the fragments to build the foundation . This explains why the store is haunted . Ryouko tells Nao to stop working there . Nao plans to save Komori before he becomes insane like the Kituras . Nao comes to the store to find Komori in the bathroom hypnotized by the eyes of a ghost . The ghost draws Komori toward it until Nao saves him . Komori , regaining his mind , runs out of the store where , in the sun , he baptizes himself in the river . He throws away his jacket , regains his composure , and leaves with Nao . Ryouko , walking toward Mitsuya to work , finds a wheelchair rolling down the hill . Temija tells her every ghost does not have feet and he is happy . Ryouko thanks him and walks away from Mitsuya . The movie goes back to the beginning , now shot from Yuko 's point of view , where she sees the tortured souls in the store .
Diane positive Chico <$> Set in a 1914 lower class district of Paris , the film focuses on a content sewer worker named Chico , who is criticized by his fellow citizens for being an atheist . One day , he witnesses a young woman being brutally beaten by her sister among a crowd for not entertaining a senior wealthy man in her sleazy bar . He sympathizes with the girl , Diane , and stops the fight . Later , Father Chevillon , who is worried about Chico 's non-believing thoughts , offers him a deal : he will grant him a street washer job if he takes in Diane and opens his mind about believing in God . Chico agrees , and he prevents Diane 's sister from turning Diane in to the police by claiming that she is his wife . Because Diane has become very suicidal , Chico shares his optimistic views with her and takes her to his garret , situated above seven flights of stairs . Even though there is no luxury , Diane - used to worse surroundings - thinks of the place as heaven . The same night , Chico and Diane realize that they like each other , though they ignore their feelings . The next day , they celebrate Chico 's new job at his neighbours , the Gobins . Unbeknownst to Chico , Diane received a visit from a gendarme earlier that morning to check the reliability of her ' marriage ' . Eccentric neighbour Aristide the Astrologer chastises Diane for keeping secrets from Chico and confronts her with taking advantage of him , as well as blaming her for ruining his chances of a wealthy life . Upset , Diane leaves and finds comfort in a bar , where she allows a man to seduce her . Chico , meanwhile , has found out about the confrontation and locates her in the bar . There , he beats up the man , takes Diane home and assures her that he is not too good to be with her . As time passes , Diane loses her timid personality and shows her feelings for Chico , which leads to a loving relationship . They are about to marry , when Chico suddenly receives a draft notice . Before leaving with Gobin , Chico promises her that they are married in the eyes of God and promises to think of her every morning . Shortly after his departure , Diane 's sister comes to the garret to lure Diane back to the café , but Diane , now mentally strong because of Chico 's love , beats her up until she runs away . Four years pass , as Chico fights on the front , and Diane works as a nurse . After the war , Gobin and Aristide claim to Diane that Chico was killed in the War , but she refuses to believe them , until Father Chevillon gives her a medal that Chico give him on the front . Heartbroken , she renounces her belief in God , but in the morning she strongly feels her lover 's presence . She rushes home , where she locates a blind but alive Chico . The couple embraces each other and restore their faith .
her negative Lawson ; her neutral Burke ; Jennifer positive Neely ; Tony neutral Jennifer <$> Three young women meet when they embark on their careers . Neely O'Hara is a plucky kid with undeniable talent who sings in a Broadway show , the legendary actress Helen Lawson is the star of the play , and Jennifer North , a beautiful blonde with limited talent , is in the chorus . Anne Welles is a New England ingenue who recently arrived in New York City and works for a theatrical agency that represents Helen Lawson . Neely , Jennifer , and Anne become fast friends , sharing the bonds of ambition and the tendency to fall in love with the wrong men . O'Hara is fired from the show because Lawson considers her a threat . Assisted by Lyon Burke , an attorney from Anne 's theatrical agency , she makes appearances on telethons and other small but noticeable events . She becomes an overnight success and moves to Hollywood to pursue a lucrative film career . Once she 's a star , though , Neely not only duplicates the egotistical behavior of Lawson , she also falls victim to the eponymous " dolls " : prescription drugs , particularly the barbiturates Seconal and Nembutal and various stimulants . She betrays her husband , her career is shattered by erratic behavior and she is committed to a sanitarium . Jennifer has followed Neely 's path to Hollywood , where she marries nightclub singer Tony Polar and becomes pregnant . When she learns that he has the hereditary condition Huntington 's chorea , a fact his domineering half - sister and manager Miriam had been concealing , Jennifer has an abortion . Faced with Tony 's mounting medical expenses , Jennifer finds herself working in French " art films " to pay the bills . Anne , having become a highly successful model , also falls under the allure of " dolls " to escape her doomed relationship with cad Lyon Burke , who has an affair with Neely . Jennifer is diagnosed with breast cancer and needs a mastectomy . Jennifer phones her mother , seeking moral support . The mother is only concerned with the reaction from her friends at Jennifer 's " art films . " The mother also reminds Jennifer of her own financial needs . Faced with this , Jennifer succumbs to depression and commits suicide with an overdose of " dolls . " With the money from her life insurance plus his own savings , Tony is able to spend the rest of his life in a sanitarium where he is well cared for . Neely , committed to the same institution to recover from her addictions , meets him there and they sing a duet at one of the sanitarium 's weekly parties . Neely is released from the sanitarium and given a chance to resurrect her career , but the attraction of " dolls " and alcohol proves too strong and she spirals into a hellish decline . Anne abandons drugs and her unfaithful lover and returns to New England . Lyon Burke ends his affair with Neely and asks Anne to marry him , but she is moving on with her life .
Divya negative Prem <$> Prem ( [ [ Prem Kumar and Divya are married couples on the verge of divorce . As the movie starts both of the lead characters arrive at the Family court , to seek divorce . The actual movie unfolds in Flashback scenes as both remember - how they met and fell in love . They also face parental opposition for their marriage and they eventually marry against their wish and start a separate life altogether with their friends . Prem then starts an advertising firm . He is helped by Darshan Thoogudeep for his first ad and eventually he becomes quite successful in his profession . He starts to neglect Divya and due to some mis - understanding is found with his colleague in a compromising position . Thus Divya abandons him and moves out of their home and goes to live with her parents . Prem tries unsuccessfully to woo Divya back with many tricks which fall flat and cause more tension on their relationship . Finally Divya understands her husband and returns to their home to see him in bed with another woman - which is the last blow for their relationship . In the climax , Prem and Ramya are granted Divorce . While they are leaving the court , a criminal tries to flee from the policemen taking Divya as hostage , Prem fights to free her from the criminal and is stabbed to death . By now Divya realises Prem 's true love for her and confesses the same at the hospital .
Donna negative Fenton ; Donna negative Claire ; Michael neutral Claire ; Michael negative Fenton ; Fenton negative Lisa ; Donna negative Winn ; Winn negative Fenton ; Donna neutral Bobby <$> In 2005 , Donna Keppel returns home to find her father and brother dead . She hides under the bed as Richard Fenton , her former teacher who is obsessed with her , kills her mother in front of her . Three years later , she has been in therapy and she tells her therapist about the recurring dream of that night . Donna is now living with her Aunt Karen and Uncle Jack , and is about to graduate from high school . She and her friends are getting ready to attend their senior prom that night . While at the salon with her friends , she thinks she sees Fenton watching her from across the street , but when a bus passes , he is gone . Donna 's boyfriend , Bobby , arrives at her house , along with her friends Lisa , Claire , and their boyfriends , Ronnie and Michael . At the town 's police station , Detective Winn , who imprisoned Fenton three years ago , learns that Fenton has escaped from prison and warns Donna 's aunt and uncle . At the prom , Fenton arrives at the hotel disguised as a man named Mr. Ramsey , and takes a room on Donna 's floor and kills the housekeeper to get the master key . On the dance floor , Claire has a fight with her boyfriend Michael and goes up to her room with Donna to calm down . After Donna leaves , Claire is alone and hears noises . She then sees Fenton , who proceeds to take Claire into a room , to stab her and kill her . Detective Winn arrives and warns the hotel staff to be on the alert . Fenton kills a hotel employee looking for the maid and takes his uniform . When Claire does not return , Michael goes upstairs to see her . Fenton hides in the room 's closet , but Michael sees him shut the closet door . Michael opens the closet , expecting to see Claire , and is jumped by Fenton . Fenton brutally stabs and kills Michael . Lisa and Ronnie head up to the room , Lisa bumps into Fenton in the elevator . While making out Lisa realizes that it was Fenton and runs off to warn Donna , but after taking the stairs she is caught by Fenton . She is chased down to the basement of the hotel where construction is taking place and she hides herself from Fenton , while getting chased by Fenton , Lisa hides and is able to see her boyfriend looking for her . As she is about to go to him , Fenton blocks her . Lisa leaves her spot and makes a run for it but is caught and killed by Fenton . Winn and his assistant Nash find the body of a man named Mr. Ramsey in a car in the hotel parking lot . Winn goes up to the room and finds the housekeeper 's body . Knowing for sure that Fenton is in the building under the name Ramsey , Winn sounds the emergency alarm and has the entire hotel evacuated . Donna goes back to the room to retrieve her mother 's shawl and runs into Fenton and is attacked by him . Realizing Donna is still inside Winn races back up to the room . Donna escapes Fenton . SWAT and police search the hotel , but find no sign of Fenton . Winn discovers the body of the employee Fenton killed earlier . Winn realizes Fenton left the hotel in the employee 's uniform . Winn now races back to Donna 's house and finds Detective Nash dead in his squad car . Inside Donna goes to the bathroom and returns to find Bobby 's throat has been slit . She sees a shadow out in the hall and she hides in her closet , thinking the shadow is Fenton 's . The person in the hall is reavealed to be Detective Winn and Fenton grabs Donna in the closet . Winn is about to open the closet but then hears a scream from Donna 's aunt , from noticing the dead officer on the ground outside so Winn runs to her bedroom . Donna bites Fenton on the hand and tries to escape out of the closet but trips on the floor . Fenton tries to hold her down but Donna continues to struggle and kick him . When Fenton is about to stab Donna , Winn runs in and shoots Fenton several times , killing him . Donna cries over Bobby 's dead body and Winn tells her it is over .
Jack positive Herder ; Jack positive Grace ; Jack positive Charles <$> Following the death from accidental asphyxiation of Ralph Gurney , the 13th Earl of Gurney , Jack Gurney becomes the 14th Earl of Gurney . Jack Gurney at first thinks he is God and shocks his family and friends with his talk of returning to the world to bring it love and charity , not to mention his penchant for breaking out into song and dance routines and sleeping upright on a cross . When faced with unpalatable facts , Jack puts them in his " galvanized pressure cooker " and they disappear . His unscrupulous uncle , Sir Charles , marries him to his mistress , Grace , in hopes of producing an heir and putting his nephew in an institution ; the plan fails when Grace falls in love with Jack . Jack gains another ally in Sir Charles ' wife , Lady Claire , who hates her husband and befriends Jack just to spite him . She also begins sleeping with Jack 's psychiatrist , Dr. Herder ( [ [ Michael Bryant , to persuade him to cure Jack quickly . Herder attempts to cure him through intensive psychotherapy , to no avail ; Jack so thoroughly believes that he is the " God of Love " that he dismisses any suggestion to the contrary as the rambling of lunatics . The night his wife goes into labour , Herder makes a last effort at therapy ; he introduces Jack to McKyle , a patient who also believes himself to be Christ or as the patient puts it , " The Electric Messiah " who subjects an unwitting Jack to electroshock therapy . The plan is to use the electroshock to jolt Jack out of his delusions , showing him that the two men could not both be God and so he must be operating under hallucinations . The plan works , and as Grace delivers a healthy baby boy , Jack appears to return to his senses and proclaims " I 'm Jack , I 'm Jack " . In truth , he now believes himself to be Jack the Ripper . Sir Charles sends for a court appointed psychiatrist to evaluate Jack , confident that his nephew will be sent to an asylum for life . He is once again thwarted when the psychiatrist discovers that Jack was a fellow Old Etonian , bonds with him and declares him sane . Jack Gurney is now a violent psychopath with a fanatical hatred of women and an ability to pretend to be sane as needed . Jack murders Lady Claire in a fit of enraged revulsion when the aging woman tries to seduce him . He frames the Communist family butler , Tucker , for the murder . Shortly after this Sir Charles suffers a stroke and a severe loss of mental faculties and Dr. Herder loses his sanity upon realizing what Jack has done . Jack assumes his place in the House of Lords with a fiery speech in favor of capital and corporal punishment . The speech is wildly applauded and the lords have no idea that it is the ranting of a madman , in contrast to society 's reaction when Jack believed he was Christ . That night , he murders Grace for expressing her love for him . The story 's ending is ambiguous ; Jack 's fate is left open to interpretation .
her negative Leia ; Filipov neutral Sasha ; her positive Filipov <$> A former world - famous conductor of the Bolshoi Theatre orchestra , known as " The Maestro " , Andrey Simonovich Filipov , had had his career publicly broken by Leonid Brezhnev for defending Jewish musicians and now is reduced to being an alcoholic working as a mere janitor in the theatre where he once conducted . While cleaning his boss ' office he intercepts an official invitation from the prestigious Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris to replace a concert with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra that was canceled at the last minute . Filipov comes up with a plan to reunite his old orchestra , composed of old Jewish and Gypsy musicians - who also have been reduced to make a living as movers or taxi drivers - to perform in Paris and complete a performance of Tchaikovsky 's Violin Concerto , which was interrupted 30 years earlier by former KGB Agent Ivan Gavrilov , who is enroled by Filipov in his scheme as the orchestra 's manager and is actively and efficiently supporting Filipov 's plan , much to the dismay and suspicion of Aleksandr ' Sasha ' Abramovich Grossman , because it turns out that Gavrilov has his own agenda for the Paris trip . Gavrilov and Filipov demand several conditions from the Châtelet , that they are forced to accept , since the concert with the Bolshoi is significantly less expensive ; one of those conditions is that the solo violinist is Anne - Marie Jacquet , who famously has never played Tchaikovsky 's concerto because she is afraid of it , but has long dreamt of playing it with the Bolshoi and particularly with Filipov - whose fame outside of Russia has not diminished - ; her agent , Guylène de La Rivière , who is also Anne - Marie 's adoptive mother , is reluctant to allow that , because she is acquainted with Filipov and his past , but Anne - Marie insists and she has no option but to accept . The orchestra is also forced to accept the sponsorship of an openly mafia boss who likes to play the cello , despite the fact that he does so terribly and who is part of the orchestra . Once in Paris , the entire orchestra disappears partying and raising money in other jobs such as taxi drivers , movers or translators . The unprofessionalism of the Russian musicians and Anne - Marie 's own impression that the performance serves as a means of catharsis for Filipov , forces Anne - Marie to call off the concert , but Sasha convinces her to come to the theater because the Concert holds the key of Anne - Marie 's past and her parents , whom she has never met but she believes them to be scientists who died during her infancy in the Alps . As it turns out Filipov and his wife Irina were best friends with Leia and Yitzhak Strum , also Jewish musicians ; Leia was an accomplished violinist and the soloist at the time of the interrupted concert thirty years before in Moscow . After the public humiliation that they suffered under Gavrilov and the entire Brezhnev règime , the couple spoke openly against the government in Radio Free Europa , an American radio station that was banned in the former USSR , as a result they were deported to Siberia where they spent the rest of their lives . Leia , Anne - Marie 's mother , lost her reason and played the concert in her imagination every day for her husband until her death in 1981 , which was followed by his six months later . Baby Anne - Marie managed to escape with Guylène , at the time a representative of a visiting French orchestra , because she was hidden away in a cello case at the behest of Irina , Filipov and Sasha . At the very last moment the entire orchestra , after receiving a SMS message from Filipov that they should play in honor of Leia , appears at the Theatre despite the fact that not a single rehearsal has taken place . In the meantime , the real manager of the Bolshoi , who happened to be vacationing in Paris and learned about the concert by chance , appears at the theatre to prevent the performance , but he is tricked by Gavrilov who locks him in a broom closet . The concert has a wobbly beginning due to the lack of rehearsals , but they all manage to reach Filipov 's ideal spontaneous harmony once Anne - Marie mesmerizes everyone with her magnificent interpretation of the solo part , which she studied on her mother 's annotated score . The concert is a huge success and Filipov is able to restart his career as a conductor of the new " Andrey Filipov Orchestra " along with Anne - Marie , who joins him in a world tour .
Mitch positive Lindsey ; Kyle negative Jimmy ; Jimmy negative Lindsey ; Steven positive Gwen <$> A high school prom in Georgia is unexpectedly interrupted when a graveyard , next to a power plant , becomes the sudden source of resuscitated cadavers . As zombies march on the high school , a motley group of dateless teenage outcasts , among them Jimmy , Lindsey , Steven and Kyle , take on the zombies and save the day . Lindsey breaks up with Jimmy the day before the prom and starts going out with Mitch . On the way to the prom , Mitch takes Lindsey to the cemetery to " loosen up " and makes out with her . Mitch is drawn out of the car and killed by a zombie then turns into one himself . Meanwhile , members of the school 's SciFi club , Jules , Steven , Rod and George , are investigating the cemetery when they are attacked . Rod is killed and the remaining three are rescued by a grave digger who reveals that he was aware of the occurrences but kept it quiet to keep his job . He instructs them on how to kill the zombies before running off . The three get surrounded again , but Lindsey comes to the rescue and they all escape in Mitch 's car . After making a pizza delivery and discovering that a family are now zombies , Jimmy finds a crashed truck with his enemy Kyle as the only survivor . Jimmy and Kyle run into a cheerleader named Gwen , and the three are attacked . They manage to kill all of the zombies with a bat they find and a gun Kyle carries in his truck . Unfortunately Jimmy 's truck is stolen by two zombies , leaving the three without a getaway vehicle . In another neighborhood , Nash Rambler , Jensen and Dave the Drummer are in the middle of writing a new song for their band . Nash asks Jensen to open the garage door to let in some air because Jensen has been smoking pot , and they discover zombies when Jensen opens the garage door . The zombies attack , but the band members also accidentally find that the zombies like music , and they keep playing to keep the zombies at bay , but also inadvertently attracting more . Mitch 's car breaks down , and Lindsey , Jules , George and Steven take refuge in a nearby house . Jimmy calls Lindsey to find her . He , Kyle and Gwen then make their way to the house through the town sewers . On the way , they discover a substance that the power plant dumped that they believe caused the re-animation of the dead . The house in which their friends are hiding turns out to be a funeral home . Fumes from the power plant re-animate the corpses stored there . Kyle and Jimmy kill them all , but not before Kyle is bitten in the neck and turns into a zombie and the others are forced to beat him to death . Gwen manages to retrieve the funeral home 's hearse and the group escapes with the intent to rescue their fellow students from the prom . On the way to the school , the hearse 's tires are shot out . The teens also discover their coach is still alive , and after telling him what has happened , he helps arm them . The group heads for the prom in the coach 's Hummer . On the way they find and rescue the besieged band and rescue them . The band then joins the group to stop the zombies . At the school they find all of the town 's zombies have gathered there and that they 've arrived too late to save everybody . The coach decides to use his explosives to blow up the school . While the coach starts setting up around the school , the schoolkids block all the doors so the zombies ca n't escape . While looking through the school , the SciFi club members find a small group of survivors , including the prom queen , and start to lead them out to safety . The coach accidentally drops the detonator into a chip bowl . Jimmy , however , is forced to go back for it , and Lindsey follows him . They sneak through the gym to get to the detonator but are noticed and attacked . Before they can be killed , the onstage band starts playing to distract the zombies . Jimmy and Lindsey dance while looking for the remote . On the way out the others are attacked but manage to kill their attackers , while Gwen hides the fact that she was bitten . She pulls Steven , for whom she has developed feelings , into the bathroom . There she reveals the truth and the two kiss , but she turns into a zombie and bites Steven 's tongue off . She kills him , which turns Steven into a zombie as well . The two zombies kiss again and then start to eat each other . In the gym , Jimmy and Lindsey are still looking for the detonator when a zombie accidentally pulls the plug on the band 's instruments , stopping the music and causing the zombies to attack again . While the two hold off the zombies , Jenson tries to replace the plug . Jimmy and Lindsey are forced to hide beneath the bleachers , where they are attacked by Mitch , now a zombie . The two escape with Lindsey killing Mitch . The band manages to plug in their instruments and begin playing , allowing Jimmy to get the detonator . As the group attempt to make their escape , Jensen is caught and killed by the horde . The surviving four make their way out of the school through a window . The zombies are unable to escape out the blocked doors , and Jimmy blows up the school , killing all of the zombies , While kissing Lindsey at the same time rekindling their relationship . The survivors , including a group that hid at the prom , takes a bus to a pancake house for breakfast courtesy of the coach with a plan to eat and plan an attack to shut down the power plant and prevent the zombie plague from spreading . The grave digger also survives and complains about the fact he has to clean up the mess .
Ramachandran negative Ranjith <$> Ramachandran got a job as an English lecturer in T. K. P. Memorial College , only to find that the college is full of drugs and politics , led by young Ranjith Mathews , son of an M.P. . Ramachandran has helped the students , including a geek who was beaten by Ranjith 's gang . Ramachandran fights against Ranjith until he is murdered by his gang in the end . A student , whom Ramachandran had saved , later kills Ranjith for his honor . The film is based on the Canadian action thriller Class of 1984 .
Lo positive Humbert ; Lo positive Quilty <$> In 1947 , Humbert Humbert , a European professor of French literature , travels to the United States to take a teaching position in New Hampshire . He rents a room in the home of widow Charlotte Haze , largely because he sees her adolescent daughter Dolores , also called " Lo " , while touring the house . Obsessed from boyhood with girls of this age , partly because of a boyhood sexual experience and subsequent tragic loss , Humbert marries Charlotte for the sake of access to her daughter . Later in their marriage , Charlotte becomes furious after she , by way of reading Humbert 's secret diary , discovers Humbert 's preference for her daughter . Moments after , Charlotte goes to the mailbox to mail some letters when she is struck by a car and killed . Her death frees Humbert to pursue a sexual and emotional relationship with Lo , whom he nicknames " Lolita " . Humbert and Lo then travel the country , staying in various motels before eventually settling in the college town of Beardsley , where Humbert takes a teaching job . However , Lo 's increasing boredom with Humbert , as well as her growing desire for independence , fuels a constant tension between them . Humbert 's desperate affections for Lo are also rivaled by another man , playwright Clare Quilty , who has been pursuing Lo since the beginning of their travels . Quilty 's name and identity are at first unknown to Humbert , and when Lo runs away to him , Humbert 's search for her is unsuccessful . Three years later , Humbert receives a letter from Lo asking for financial help . Humbert visits Lo , who is now married to another man and pregnant . Humbert , who still loves Lo , asks her to run away with him , but she refuses . He relents and gives her a substantial amount of money and information about her inheritance from her mother . Lo also reveals to Humbert how Quilty actually tracked young girls her age and took them to Pavor Manor , his home in Parkington , to film the girls performing various sexual acts with the help of his assistant Vivian . She also tells him about how after being taken from Humbert , Quilty tried to film Lo performing sex acts in a group setting . When Lo refuses and prefers Quilty to be like a father to her , Quilty leaves Lo on her own . After his visit with Lo , Humbert tracks down Quilty and kills him . After being chased by the police , Humbert is arrested and sent to prison . He dies in November 1950 , and Lo dies on Christmas Day in childbirth .
Nisha negative Dhingra <$> Dushant , Jaya , Sujit and Nisha are childhood friends . Dushant aspires to become a successful singer but has little money . Jaya helps him to realize his ambitions . As Dushant achieves success , a rift is created between the two of them . Sujit and Nisha take undue advantage of this to get close to Dushant and create a misunderstanding between him and Jaya . Kamlesh Dhingra , Nisha 's father , approaches Dushant for financial assistance for his business venture but is turned down by Rajpal , Dushant 's mentor . Dhingra and Sujit plot to amass Dushant 's wealth by luring Dushant to marry Nisha and getting rid of Rajpal . Dushant learns of this plot . When Sujit is murdered , Rahul , a police officer , comes to investigate the murder . Nisha is also murdered under mysterious circumstances and the climax builds when Dhingra is also killed .
his positive Rattan ; Sethji negative his ; his negative his ; his negative Sethji ; his neutral Ghaseeta <$> Ab Dilli Dur Nahin is the story of a journey in search of justice . Hariram , a poor labourer , loved his wife and son Rattan so much that he lavished them with all the comforts of life even though it meant he was constantly in debt . Harimam 's life fell apart when he lost his wife . So grief - stricken was he that he even lost his job due to poor attendance . Misery drove him to seek solace in alcohol . When drunken Hariram reached home he found his son crying as an evil loan shark Sethji had beaten him up . In a fit of rage Hariram went to Sethji 's house and nearly killed him but for the timely intervention of Mukunda who also owed Sethji money . Hariram left , but not before threatening to kill Bhola Seth . That night while Hariram was asleep next to where his wife had been cremated and Mukunda broke into Sethjis house to steal his valuables . When Sethji tried to stop him he killed Sethji . Hariram was found guilty for this murder and sent to Delhi to await his death sentence . His distressed son , Rattan , not knowing how to save his innocent father meets Ghaseeta a pickpocket who had seen Hariram asleep in the crematorium . He relates the story to the police but they question his credibility . Uneducated Ghaseeta decides to go to Delhi with Rattan to plea Hariram 's case before Pt . Nehru . Mukunda fears for his life and follows in pursuit of the child and his witness . A race begins between Rattan and the pickpocket and the real culprit as he attempts to stop them too .
Paulie positive Charlie ; Diane negative Charlie ; Barney positive Charlie ; Charlie neutral Eddie ; Paulie neutral Eddie <$> In an Italian neighborhood of Greenwich Village , cousins Charlie , a maître d' with aspirations of someday owning his own restaurant , and Paulie , a schemer who works as a waiter , have expensive tastes but not much money . Paulie gets caught skimming checks , and he and Charlie are both fired . Now out of work and in debt , Charlie must find another way to pay his alimony , support his pregnant girlfriend Diane , and try to buy a restaurant . Paulie comes to Charlie with a " ca n't - miss " robbery , involving a large amount of cash in the safe of a local business . Charlie reluctantly agrees to participate , and they manage to crack the safe with help from an accomplice , Barney , a clock repairman and locksmith . But things go sour , resulting in the accidental death of police officer Bunky Ritter , who had been secretly taping " Bed Bug " Eddie Grant . Charlie soon learns that the money they stole belongs to Eddie . The mob figures out that Paulie is involved , and not even his Uncle Pete , part of Eddie 's crew , can help him . One of Paulie 's thumbs is severed as punishment . Diane leaves Charlie and takes his money to support their unborn child , while Paulie is forced to work as a waiter for Eddie . He gives the mob Barney 's name but initially refuses to identify Charlie as the third man involved . However , under pressure , he is forced to rat on his cousin . Barney leaves town and Charlie mails him his cut of the loot . And when Charlie makes $ 20,000 on a horse , things begin to look up . Charlie prepares for a showdown with Eddie , armed with a copy of the tape that the police officer made . But at the last moment , Paulie puts lye in Eddie 's coffee . Then he and Charlie casually walk away from Greenwich Village .
Max neutral Devlin <$> Four people rob the vault of a bank at gun point . The only trouble is that a large armed police presence turns up as they try to drive away . They take shelter in a diner , where two psychos with guns , Max and Karl decide to take over , and have the $ 500,000 for themselves . The robbers become victims with the owners of the diner and the people who were eating there . At first Max and Karl let Sam , one of the robbers do all the talking to Det. Devlin , not letting on that they are there also . But then they decide to make demands as telephone negotiations are going nowhere and shoot one of the hostages in front of the police . Lind , another negotitator has turned up and takes over , with a gung - ho attitude . Devlin has been looking at the bank tapes and see that some of the money the robbers took was not supposed to be there . The bank manager confesses it was payment for an arms deal . A phone call shows Lind to be fake and he is shot while shooting his accomplice . A TV reporter is allowed in with a camera to film what they allow , but Max sees her hidden camera which is showing the police what is really going on there and for that she is brutally raped and dumped in a store room . A hidden phone reveals to the hostages that one of the robbers was an undercover cop who would have a second gun , which a young woman manages to get and hand to Sam . There is a shoot out and dozens of bullets from each gun , with few hits . The cops rush in and the siege is over , but there is still a surprise ending .
Frank neutral Jesse <$> In the mid-1870s , outlaws Jesse James , Cole Younger and their brothers are granted amnesty by the Missouri legislature , sympathetic to the troubles created for all citizens by the Civil War . The bankers victimized by the James and Younger gangs are vehemently opposed to this action and hire a Pinkerton agent to follow the outlaws ' every move . Younger has put aside plans to rob a bank in Northfield , Minnesota , said to be the largest west of the Mississippi River . The job appeals , however , to Jesse and Frank James , who have no intention of changing the way they make a living . Cole is ambushed by the Pinkerton 's agent men , who use a prostitute as bait . And when the bankers succeed in overturning the amnesty by bribing the politicians , Cole travels by train to Minnesota to check out the bank . Once there , Cole discovers that townspeople are unwilling to risk placing their money in the bank due to concerns over its safety from thieves . Jesse , Frank , and their men arrive on horseback and , together with Cole , persuade the locals that a gold shipment is on its way , being delivered to the bank because it is supposed to be the safest possible place for it . Once the citizens begin banking their money , the robbery commences . Many things go wrong though , including one outlaw being locked inside a vault . Younger and his men flee to a nearby farm , but a posse tracks and apprehends them . The James brothers get away . But , when Jesse mentions to Frank his intention to permit Bob Ford to join the gang back in Missouri , his fate is sealed .
Bartons negative Ames <$> Con artist Latigo Smith is on board a train traveling across frontier - era Colorado , with his would - be fiancée , a rich and powerful woman named Goldie . Looking for a way to escape this situation , he manages to slip off the train at a jerkwater stop , and finds himself in Purgatory , a small town wherein two rival companies of miners , led by Taylor Barton and Colonel Ames , are in a frantic round - the - clock race to find " the motherlode " of gold buried somewhere under the town . After consulting the town doctor about getting an embarrassing Goldie - related tattoo removed , Latigo succumbs to a gambling compulsion and loses all his money at roulette . After hearing a rumor that an infamous gunslinger named " Swifty " Morgan is expected in town , Latigo concocts a scam , using the amiable ne'er - do - well Jug May to impersonate the man . In the process of this , the new arrival attracts the attention of Patience " The Sidewinder " Barton , the hot - tempered daughter of Taylor , who wants nothing more than to escape the town and become a woman of refinement in New York City . When Latigo and the fake Swifty side with the Bartons , Ames sends a telegram to the real gunslinger , informing him of the impostor . Swifty soon arrives in town . Latigo has replaced Jug for the climactic gunfight and sits atop a jackass - load of dynamite , attempting to bluff the gunfighter . The show - down ends with one of the massive mining blasts that regularly rock the town . Swifty is startled and accidentally shoots himself in the foot , and the panicked jackass , with Latigo aboard , blows up in the saloon . This blast uncovers the mother lode for the Bartons , and also burns off Latigo 's troublesome tattoo . Latigo 's gambling compulsion finally pays off when , financially backed by the Bartons , he wins big at roulette , betting $ 10,000 on the final outcome . Now almost as rich as Patience , he marries her . According to a monologue delivered by Jug from the back of a train at the end of the movie , Morgan is still trying to get his boot off , Patience does n't get to go to the school in New York that she had mentioned in the movie , but sends her seven daughters to that school , and Jug goes on to " become a big star in Italian westerns . "
Cheng negative Mi <$> Cheng is a Chinese man from Guangdong who has moved to Thailand to live with his uncle . He works in an ice factory with his cousins . When a block of ice is accidentally broken , a bag of white powder falls out . Several of Cheng 's cousins are asked to stay to see the manager , who tells them there are better jobs for them . The factory is really a front for a drug smuggling ring led by the Big Boss , Hsiao Mi . When they refuse to cooperate , they are killed and their bodies disposed of . Two more cousins , Hsu Chien and Ah Pei , go to Hsiao Mi 's house to ask about their brothers . They realize he is hiding something and try to inform the police but Hsiao Mi has them killed . When the men at the factory realize two more men have gone missing , they riot . To ease tensions , the Big Boss now makes Cheng a foreman , providing him with alcohol and prostitutes . When one of the prostitutes tells Cheng the truth , he breaks into the factory at night and finds his cousins ' bodies . He is discovered by the gangsters . Cheng fights his way out , killing the Big Boss 's son Hsiao Chiun in the process . When he returns home , he finds his entire family has been murdered . He exacts revenge by killing Hsiao Mi in a final fight . He then surrenders to the Thai police , who arrive shortly after he has disposed of the Big Boss .
Mortimer negative Teddy ; Mortimer negative Jonathan ; Brewster negative Elaine <$> Despite having written several books describing marriage as an " old - fashioned superstition " , Mortimer Brewster falls in love with Elaine Harper , who grew up next door to him in Brooklyn , and , on Halloween day , they marry . Immediately after the wedding , Mortimer visits the eccentric but lovable relatives who raised him and who still live in his old family home : his elderly aunts Abby and Martha , and his brother Teddy ( [ [ John Alexander , who believes he is Theodore Roosevelt . Each time Teddy goes upstairs , he yells " Charge ! " and takes the stairs at a run , imitating Roosevelt 's famous charge up San Juan Hill . Mortimer finds a corpse hidden in a window seat and assumes that Teddy has committed murder under some delusion , but his aunts explain that they are responsible . They explain in the most innocent terms that they have developed what Mortimer calls the " very bad habit " of ending the presumed suffering of lonely old bachelors by serving them elderberry wine spiked with arsenic , strychnine and " just a pinch of cyanide " . The bodies are buried in the basement by Teddy , who believes he is digging locks for the Panama Canal and burying yellow fever victims . To complicate matters further , Mortimer 's brother Jonathan arrives with his alcoholic accomplice , plastic surgeon Dr. Herman Einstein . Jonathan is a murderer trying to escape the police and find a place to dispose of the corpse of his latest victim , a certain Mr. Spenalzo . Jonathan 's face , as altered by Einstein while drunk , looks like Boris Karloff 's in his makeup as Frankenstein 's monster . This resemblance The reference to Karloff was originally a self - referential joke due to the veteran actor renown for monster roles playing the character of Jonathan Brewster on stage . < ref nameN is frequently noted , much to Jonathan 's annoyance . Jonathan , upon finding out his aunts ' secret , decides to bury Spenalzo in the cellar and soon declares his intention to kill Mortimer . While Elaine waits at her family home next door for Mortimer to take her on their honeymoon , Mortimer makes increasingly frantic attempts to stay on top of the situation , including multiple efforts to alert the bumbling local cops to the threat Jonathan poses , as well as to get the paperwork filed that will have Teddy declared legally insane and committed to a mental asylum . He also worries that he will go insane like the rest of the Brewster family . As he puts it , " Insanity runs in my family , practically gallops ! " While explaining this to Elaine , he claims they 've been crazy since the first Brewsters came to America as pilgrims . But eventually Jonathan is arrested , while Teddy is safely consigned to an asylum and the two aunts insist upon joining him . Finally , Abby and Martha inform Mortimer that he is not biologically related to the Brewsters after all : his real mother was the aunts ' cook and his father had been a chef on a steamship . In the film 's closing scene , after lustily kissing Elaine and before whisking her away to their honeymoon , he gleefully exclaims " I 'm not a Brewster , I 'm a son of a sea cook ! " " Arsenic and Old Lace Synopsis . " gbproductions.org . Retrieved : October 24 , 2009 . This is a Hollywood Production Code bowdlerization of the line in the play : " I 'm a bastard ! "
Kenji neutral Mr. ; Miyumi positive Daphne ; Mr. neutral Samurai ; Masamune negative Samurai ; Masamune negative Muramasa ; Samurai negative Muramasa ; Scooby positive Mirimoto <$> At a Tokyo museum of ancient history , Mr. Takagawa , the curator , and Kenji , a janitor , witness the resurrection of The Black Samurai , an ancient Japanese warrior whose armor was to be the newest exhibit at the museum . The next day , the Mystery Inc. gang arrives at Tokyo , where Daphne is to participate in a martial arts tournament at a prestigious school . The gang meet Daphne ’s friend Miyumi , who explains the difficulty of winning the tournament and entering the school as a student . The gang and Miyumi take a fully functioning robotic plane to the school , which is run by Miss Mirimoto . After Daphne defeats Miss Mirimoto ’s bodyguard , Sojo , and almost defeats Miyumi , Mirimoto tells her she shows promise as a fighter . Also at the tournament is Mr. Takagawa , who explains to Mirimoto that the Black Samurai has risen and will be after the Destiny Scroll , which is at the school . That night , during a feast , the Black Samurai and his Ninja warriors attack the school and steal the scroll . But Mirimoto explains the scroll was only a copy , and shows the gang the real one . Mr. Takagawa explains to the gang the legend of the Black Samurai . The Black Samurai was an ancient warrior who asked the great swordsmith Masamune to craft a powerful sword . The sword maker agreed , but told the Samurai it would take a year to make . Masamune ’s evil apprentice Muramasa offered to make another sword for the Samurai in only half the time , which the Samurai accepted . But when the Samurai took the sword , the evil of Muramasa was transferred to him , and he became the Black Samurai , wielding the Sword of Doom . When Masamune finished crafting his sword , the Sword of Fate , he presented it to The Green Dragon , who used it to defeat the Black Samurai and imprisoned him in the Sword of Doom . The Dragon then hid the sword , and put its whereabouts in a riddle on the Destiny Scroll . Velma is able to solve the riddle , and Miss Mirimoto instructs the gang , Miyumi , and Mr. Takagawa to find the Sword of Doom before the spirit can . The gang finds the sword in a cave on an island in the Pacific Ocean , where they are attacked by the Black Samurai . During the fight the Black Samurai is revealed to be Sojo . But once the gang brings Sojo back to Miss Mirimoto , she and Miyumi capture them . Miss Mirimoto explains that she staged the tournament to bring the Mystery Inc to Japan so that they would find the Sword of Doom for her . She also reveals she plans to release the Black Samurai so she can use him to return Japan to the way it was in feudal times . The ninja army is revealed to be robots in which Miss Mirimoto planted the various fighting techniques of her students . She then locks Fred , Daphne , Velma , and Mr. Takagawa in the museum , but not before Daphne kicks the Samurai 's sword from Miss Mirimoto 's hand into Scooby and Shaggy 's possession . Scooby and Shaggy manage to escape Miss Mirimoto with the samurai sword , but are chased by the ninja warriors . They are saved by Matsuhiro , a sushi shop owner and Samurai , who trains them as Samurai and who also is aware of the legend . Matsuhiro instructs Scooby and Shaggy to pass through the gates of earth , air , fire , and water in order to find the Green Dragon and the Sword of Fate . When they do so , the Green Dragon enters the sword and takes them back to the museum to combat the Black Samurai . Kenji frees Fred , Daphne , Velma , and Mr. Takagawa , and they , plus Miyumi , who decides to fight with them , attempt to stop Sojo and Miss Mirimoto from resurrecting the Black Samurai , but failed . After reviving the Samurai , Miss Mirimoto tries to make him her servant , but she is quickly entrapped and rendered unconscious . Scooby and Shaggy arrive riding the Green Dragon and , along with a little encouragement from Matsuhiro , defeat the Black Samurai by using the Sword of Fate to destroy the Sword of Doom , breaking the curse on the Samurai , who finally passes on to the afterlife . Later , the gang attends the newly renovated museum , where a statue of Scooby is erected in his honor .
Ramses neutral Seti ; Ramses negative Moses <$> By the Bank of the River Nile : 3,300 years ago , under the reign of Egyptian Pharaoh Seti , the Hebrews were an enslaved race , driven mercilessly to build Seti 's growing empire . Since the increasing population of the Hebrews threatened the Egyptians , the pharaoh handed down an edict sentencing all newborn Hebrew sons to death . The baby Moses , born of Yokebed and Amram , was set adrift on the Nile in a basket , so that his life might be saved . He was found by the daughter of Seti , the childless Princess Bithia , who believed Moses was sent to her by the gods . The Royal Palace : Moses was adopted by Seti and raised in the pharaoh ’s court as a brother to the young prince , Ramses . When the brothers grew to young men , Seti announced that Ramses would become the next pharaoh . Moses would be his second in command , the architect of his cities , and his lifetime chief counselor . Both brothers fervently wished to marry the young princess , Nefertari . Ramses ’ position as pharaoh forced Nefertari to take him and give up her secret hope of being with Moses , the only man she ever loved . Outside the Palace Walls & Across the Desert : As time passed , Moses began to question the enslavement of the Hebrews . After witnessing an Egyptian guard abusing a Hebrew , Moses became enraged at the injustices the slaves were suffering , and impulsively killed the guard . During his murder trial , Moses ’ real sister Miriam revealed to Moses that he was actually the son of Yokebed , a Hebrew slave . Moses was banished to the desert and fled to Midian , where he met and married Zipporah , the daughter of the Midianite priest . On the Mountain of Horeb : One day in the wilderness , Moses saw a bush that was burning but was not consumed by the flames . From it came the voice of God , instructing him to return to Egypt and demand that Ramses free the Hebrew slaves . Moses , armed only with his shepherd ’s staff but inspired by the power of God , undertook the mission to lead the Hebrews to “ a promised land , a land overflowing with milk and honey . ” Moses returned to Egypt to confront the pharaoh . The Treasure Cities of Ramses : Back in Egypt , the brutality of Ramses ’ treatment of the slaves only strengthened Moses ' resolve . Ramses was overjoyed at the return of his brother until Moses told him that he must let the Hebrews go , explaining to him that no man has the right to enslave another man . Enraged by Moses ’ plea , Ramses threatened to kill the slaves . In response , Moses unleashed ten plagues on the Kingdom of the Pharaoh ; the last one resulted in the death of Ramses ’ own son . Devastated , Ramses finally freed the slaves . The Treasure Cities of Ramses : The Hebrews hastily began their trek into the desert , where they wandered , fed by manna and guided by pillars of smoke and fire . At the Edge of the Red Sea : Driven by vengeance and Nefertari ’s goading , Ramses sent his armies to overtake the escaped slaves . The Hebrews , trapped on high cliffs overlooking the Red Sea , began to panic , but Moses urged them to have faith . As he raised his staff , the sea parted , opening a pathway for their escape . The Egyptian soldiers tried to follow , but the sea closed , drowning them . At the Foot of Mount Sinai : Wandering in the desert , the Hebrews became discontented and afraid . Moses left the group at the base of Mt. Sinai while he ascended to the peak to seek God 's help . There he received The Ten Commandments , a basic law of human conduct . He brought the commandments back to his people , only to find that they had descended into idolatry and sin . Enraged and disappointed , he broke the law tablets and threatened that God would punish the Hebrews . The people repented , accepted the new law , and thus prepared to enter The Promised Land .
Ivan positive Drake ; Ivan negative Otis ; Abby neutral Ivan ; Abby negative Drake ; Hobo negative Drake ; Hobo neutral Abby <$> A hobo is seen riding the rails on a freight train in a box car and eventually arrives in lawless Hope Town . Paint has been sprayed over the word " Hope " on the town 's welcome sign , changing it to read " Scum Town " . Scum Town is ruled with an iron fist by a crime lord known as " The Drake " ( [ [ Brian Downey and his sadistic , murderous sons Ivan and Slick ( [ [ Gregory Smith . Just as he arrives , the Hobo witnesses an amateur film maker shooting what is commonly known as " Bum Fight " movies . While pushing his shopping cart of recyclables through the streets , he sees , along with all the townspeople gathered in the area , a distressed , bloodied man screaming about being chained and unsuccessfully begging the locals , including the Hobo , to free his tied hands so he can save his life . The man is in a suit and appears to be in a stockade that resembles a manhole cover . Two cars approach the man , one driven by Ivan and Slick and the other The Drake and an Asian woman . An argument ensues and it is revealed that the man is The Drake 's younger brother , Logan . The Drake explains to the townspeople that his brother will serve as an example of his control and carries out the public execution of Logan , who is decapitated at the hands of Ivan and Slick , by a barbed - wire noose attached to The Drake 's truck , as the woman dances ecstatically in the fountain of Logan 's blood . Later , while walking through the town the Hobo passes a pawn shop , where he sees a lawnmower in the window costing $ 49.99 . In order to purchase the lawnmower , for reasons yet to be revealed , the Hobo starts begging for change on a sidewalk . From where he sits , the Hobo can see what appears to be a night club with The Drake 's face and name on the outside . A group of punks drag another homeless man into the club against his will . The Hobo then sees Ivan and Slick enter the building . He follows them into the building , which appears to be a demented arcade . Ivan and Slick , along with their henchmen , are seen torturing and killing people for no reason . Slick begins harassing a boy named Otis , who owes him money from drug purchases . Then a prostitute named Abby attempts to intervene , disrespecting Slick . Slick becomes enraged with the hooker and Ivan breaks Otis ' arm on the video game . Slick then throws down a pile of cocaine and all the patrons fight over themselves to get to it . Slick propositions the hooker , gets her outside , then instead decides to kill her . Having seen all that has transpired , the Hobo stands up to Slick , who him attacks but is knocked unconscious by the Hobo and taken to the police station in order to turn him in . While initially agreeing with the despicable state of the town under the thumb of The Drake , the police chief reveals his corruption and allegiance to the criminal elements . Ivan enters the interrogation room and he and the chief tackle and restrain the Hobo . Slick then enters , joining Ivan in roughing up the Hobo and carving the word " scum " into his chest . The Hobo is then thrown into a garbage bin by the police chief and a fellow officer . The Hobo stumbles across Abby as she is trying to conduct business and frightens away her John . Seeing the state he is in , Abby takes the Hobo to her apartment to tend to his wounds . The next day , the Hobo goes to the amateur filmmaker seen earlier to make money to buy the lawnmower . Upon completing a series of degrading acts , including chewing glass , he earns enough money to purchase the lawnmower . As he is about to buy the lawnmower , a trio of robbers enter the pawnshop , taking a woman and her baby hostage . The Hobo grabs a shotgun from the shelf and kills the three bandits . Realizing that Hope Town needs justice , he chooses the Shotgun over the lawnmower , since they both cost exactly $ 49.99 . He pays for the gun and goes on a rampage in which he murders dozens of criminals , including the filmmaker , a pimp , a coke lord and a pedophile dressed as Santa Claus . The Drake , infuriated by the positive effect that the Hobo 's actions are having on the townspeople , instructs Ivan and Slick to get rid of him . After using a flamethrower on a school bus filled with children to remind the citizens of Hope Town that they are to be feared , they burst into a television station during a live news broadcast , kill the anchor and demand that all homeless people be killed . This leads to the formation of mobs which start murdering the vagrants of Hope Town . The Hobo , in an attempt to save Abby , uses his shotgun to blow off the head of a perverted cop who was trying to rape her . One of the murderous mobs hears the attack and head towards the Hobo and Abby , but they are able to make a clever getaway . Otis sees them fleeing and calls Slick to inform him of the Hobo 's location . As the Hobo and Abby are preparing to leave Hope Town to start a lawnmowing business elsewhere , they are attacked by Slick . Slick and Ivan try to decapitate Abby with a hacksaw and sharpened ice skates . The Hobo forces Ivan to flee in his car , leaving Slick behind . The Hobo begins to threaten an unapologetic Slick and finally fires a shotgun blast into his groin , mutilating Slick 's penis and tearing apart his genitals . While standing at a payphone bleeding to death , Slick makes one final call to his father , as the badly burned school bus from earlier appears and brings Slick to hell . The Drake , mourning the death of his favorite son , calls Rip and Grinder , a duo of armour - clad demons known as ' The Plague ' to take the Hobo down . While taking Abby to a hospital , the Hobo is ambushed by The Plague . He is captured , and taken to The Drake , who intends to execute him in front of the townspeople in order to set an example . Abby , having later recovered , rallies together a crowd of angry people and leads them to hunt down The Drake , taking the Hobo 's shotgun and a lawnmower engine as weapons . Abby finds and confronts The Drake , Ivan and the Plague . She threatens to kill Ivan with the lawnmower , but The Drake simply shoots his astonished son when he decides Ivan is a disappointment and not worth saving . In the ensuing fight , Abby releases the Hobo and returns his shotgun to him . She also kills Grinder before The Drake cuts her hand off with the lawnmower . She manages to incapacitate The Drake by stabbing him repeatedly in the stomach with her exposed arm bone . Abby saves the Hobo and he prepares to fight Rip . Rip then tells Abby that she must join The Plague to replace Grinder , but the Hobo refuses to allow her to do it and The Plague departs . The Hobo prepares to finish off The Drake , who was trying to crawl away to safety , when the corrupt police arrive and draw their guns against him . The Drake tells the Hobo that he would have liked him if he was n't so crazy , and that he will never be accepted by society , before snarling for him to just fire the shotgun already and send them both to Hell . The townspeople , motivated by Abby 's bravery , have shown up with their own weapons and proceed to aim them at the shocked police , who demand that they leave the area . Seeing that the police will kill the people they failed to protect against The Drake 's evil , the Hobo tells the villain that on their upcoming ride to Hell " I 've got shotgun " and blows The Drake 's head off . The police open fire on the Hobo as Abby screams , but the people then turn their guns on the police and blow them all away , as the Hobo dies and the movie ends . In an extended ending that was cut from the final cut of the film , Abby 's hand is replaced by several shotguns as she becomes part of The Plague .
her negative Hall ; Timmy neutral her ; her negative Doren ; Armstrong neutral Doren ; Armstrong positive Dubois ; her positive Dubois <$> Rachel Armstrong is an ambitious reporter for the Capital Sun - Times . When she discovers fellow soccer mom Erica Van Doren is working as a covert operative for the CIA and recently returned from Venezuela , where she was investigating an assassination attempt on the President of the United States , she confronts her and requests confirmation . Erica refuses to cooperate , but Rachel has no doubts about the veracity of the report , and her story becomes front - page news with the support of editor Bonnie Benjamin and Avril Aaronson , who serves as the newspaper 's legal counselor . Because revealing a covert operative 's identity is a treasonous offence and because the individual who leaked the information to Rachel is a potential threat to national security , special Federal prosecutor Patton Dubois convenes a grand jury and demands to know who her source is , information she refuses to divulge . High profile attorney Albert Burnside , hired by the newspaper to defend Rachel , is certain his personal friendship with Judge Hall will facilitate matters and is shocked when his client is jailed for contempt of court . Days become weeks , and then months , but Rachel steadfastly defends the principle of confidentiality , a position that eventually estranges her husband Ray , alienates her young son Timmy , and costs her embattled newspaper hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines and legal fees . She is stricken when a member of an extremist right - wing group assassinates Van Doren in her own driveway , as he perceives Van Doren 's report on Venezuela 's innocence to be unpatriotic , but she remains silent . Eventually , the President 's Chief of Staff comes forward and admits that he corroborated Armstrong 's investigation into Van Doren 's identity . However , Dubois is only interested in Armstrong 's original source . Armstrong pleas to Dubois that she could never give up her source as they would have to deal with the consequential ramifications of the death of Van Doren . Burnside even argues her case before the Supreme Court , but they decide against him 5 - 4 , citing the overriding concern of national security . Eventually , Judge Hall decides to release Armstrong from jail , as he is convinced she will never divulge her source and , therefore , can not be pressured through continued incarceration . On the day she is released , Dubois has the U.S. Marshals arrest her for obstruction of justice and convinces her to take a deal for a shortened sentence rather than go to trial . She agrees to two years in prison , with the possibility of early parole for good behavior . As Armstrong is taken to the facility , she reminisces about her time as a volunteer at Timmy 's school , and when she spoke to Van Doren 's daughter , Alison , who revealed to her on a school field trip that her mother worked for the government and recently went to Venezuela on " business " thus revealing Alison as the original source .
Tony neutral Lucy <$> Lucy Carmichael , an American secretary , arrives in London to claim a free day trip that she won in a dog food jingle contest . She is expecting a luxury limousine tour of the city , but instead is greeted by a tour guide named Tony who escorts her in a motorcycle with an open sidecar . Their initial stop , for punting on the River Thames in an inflatable raft , ends disastrously when they collide with a rowing team and sink beneath the waters . Tony then takes Lucy to the heart of London 's shopping district , where she models the latest mod fashions in a musical number based on the Phil Spector tune Lucy in London . Lucy and Tony then arrive at an empty theater , where Tony dons a tuxedo and sings a medley of songs from the Leslie Bricusse - Anthony Newley show Stop the World , I Want to Get Off . Lucy follows him with a mime act and a song where she shows her appreciation of her London adventures .
Sarah negative Jonathan ; Mary negative Jonathan <$> Jonathan Rivers is a successful architect and lives a peaceful life with his wife Anna until her unexpected disappearance . Eventually , he is contacted by Raymond Price , who claims that his own son had also died . He says he has recorded messages from Anna through Electronic voice phenomena . While Jonathan is initially dismissive and angered he later learns about his wife 's tragic drowning . Desperate , he begins to believe that the recorded voice is indeed that of his wife . Jonathan becomes obsessed with trying to contact her himself , despite warnings from a psychic who tries to tell him how the recording can attract other , unwanted entities . A woman named Sarah Tate befriends Jonathan because she lost her fiancé . Raymond is found dead . Jonathan begins to be followed by three demons attracted by his obsession with EVP , and finds that some of the messages he is coming across are from people who are not yet dead , but may soon be . Jonathan then hears cries from a woman who he finds in a car with a child . He is able to save the child , but not the woman . At the funeral , which Jonathan and Sarah both attend , Jonathan approaches the husband and tells him about what happened . The husband thanks Jonathan for saving his son but then asks him to leave them alone . The husband continues to tell Jonathan to stay away from him and his family . Afterwards , Jonathan sees images of another person , a missing woman named Mary Freeman , while working with his EVP devices . Sarah is later seriously injured by a fall from a balcony while possessed by the demons . Jonathan locates the site of his wife 's death by following signs on recordings , and finds a construction worker from his company holding Mary captive . The three demons torture Jonathan by breaking his arms and legs and cause him to fall to his death , but a SWAT team along with Detective Smits arrives and are able to save Mary by shooting the construction worker . After his funeral , Jonathan 's voice can be heard on the radio through static interference saying " I 'm sorry " to his son . The child recognizes the voice and smiles . Sarah , at the graveside in a wheelchair , is menaced by odd noises . And right before the credits roll in the camera flashes to a T.V. where Jonathan and his wife are visible .
he positive Arjun ; Meera neutral he ; Meera positive Sudheer <$> Micheal Velayudham is a chef in Cape Town , South Africa . He is an easy going chap who flirts with girls and makes the most of his affairs . His ambition is to go to US and work in New York for a stockbroker . He dates one of his acquaintance Meera Shastri an art restoration professional in Cape Town . After a year , they agree to break up as she has to move to India for work and he thinks long - distance relationships do n't work . In Cape Town , Micheal meets Senapathi the owner of a restaurant who narrates the love story of his friend Arjun Palwai with Vasumati which had happened 30 years ago . Meanwhile , after Meera moves to India , Micheal fails to connect with any other girl . To prove to her that he has moved on , he meets a blonde girl Michelle in a bar and dates her . However , Meera is proposed by her family friend Sudheer , a politician , and she agrees to marry him , only to prove that she has moved on too . He comes to India with some pretext and meets Meera . Micheal who is frustrated that Meera married Sudheer , gets desperate and tries to regret what had happened so far in his sorrow he gets an offer for his dream job in US . After initially having joyful moments in his new job , he eventually feels some loneliness which he does n't understand . The rest of the story focuses on how Michael realises his mistakes and how Arjun Palwai 's story makes an impact on his decision .
Navy neutral Harkness ; Barbo positive Wascylewski <$> At Norfolk Naval Base in the opening months of World War II , Lieutenant John W. Harkness , a newly commissioned officer , reports aboard the PC - 1168 unaware that his civilian background in engineering and his Rutgers education has elected him , by means of a hole punched in an IBM card , to head a secret project and command the ship . The Navy has installed a steam engine and an experimental evaporator - condenser in the ship to test its feasibility in patrol craft and has assigned Harkness to conduct the sea trials . The crew of the submarine chaser assume that Harkness is Regular Navy . Her chief boatswain 's mate , Chief Larrabee , and her chief machinist 's mate are the only experienced seamen aboard . PC - 1168s crew are all newly inducted civilians , and her officers recently commissioned " 90 day wonders " . The exec , Lt. Barron , is a good - natured idea - man whose knowledge of seamanship is out of books . The engineering officer , Ens. Barbo , has no training , education , or experience in engineering . And the supply - Mess officer , Ens. Dorrance , is plagued by seasickness . After badly damaging bow of the ship their first time underway , Harkness and his officers butt heads with gruff Commander Reynolds , who oversees the project as the representative of Rear Admiral Tennant ( [ [ Ray Collins . The first trial results in the ship being towed into port , disparaged as the " USS Teakettle " by the rest of the base . Reynolds restricts the crew to the ship until they make the system work , and as the failures mount , the crew 's morale plummets , threatening the entire project . The officers hit upon a scheme to enter a crewman in the base boxing championship to unite the crew . They train an engine room sailor , Wascylewski , to represent the ship . The crew bets heavily on their shipmate , and to ensure that the " Teakettle " does not fail a sea trial scheduled for the day of the fight , smuggles distilled water aboard . Wascylewski breaks his ribs during the sea trial , forcing Barbo to stand in , but surprisingly he wins the championship . The film climaxes with the Official Sea Trial of the " Teakettle " in which the crew improvises a successful run . Even so , the trial ends in humiliation for the crew when the ship rams an aircraft carrier — again . At the board of inquiry that follows , Admiral Tennant reveals to Harkness that the selection of his crew was no fluke : the Navy already knew that experts could run the system ; it needed to see if novice sailors , who made up the overwhelming percentage of the wartime Navy , could quickly learn to operate it .
Madhu negative he <$> The story revolves around two people who miss the last local train at 1:40 am and how it changes the course of their lives forever . The protagonist Nilesh works in a call center firm cultivated by the IT industry . Night shifts , booze , after office parties seem to be the order of the day . When Nilesh misses his last train from Kurla to Vikroli , he is rudely shoved off by a police constable who wants to keep the station clean from anti-social elements . Nowhere to go , he strolls outside for an auto - rickshaw , where he bumps into a beautiful damsel in distress , Madhu , also wanting a ride to Vikroli . As it turns out , the rickshaws are on strike due to a bomb blast earlier in the day . Nilesh and Madhu are forced to walk to the next rickshaw stand . Nilesh stops by a local pub and is unable to resist his temptation to have a drink or two . To get money for a drink , he gambles . He loses some money in poker to elements from the underworld , then discovers Madhu being forced upon by a local goon in the bathroom . He later learns that she was just plying her trade . A police encounter specialist , a religious but notorious south Indian Mafia don , a gay underworld don and the Mumbai red light underbelly too get involved . With just 70 rupees in his pocket , when 2 ½ hours later he catches the first morning local train , he has 2 ½ crore in his hands . How Nilesh lands up with this booty and a beautiful prostitute Madhu by fortunately missing his train sums up this comic thriller .
Deaney negative Mitchell ; Mitchell negative Cummings ; Mistretta negative Cummings ; Mistretta negative Mitchell ; Benton negative Mitchell ; Greta negative Mitchell ; Benton negative Cummings <$> A trade union lawyer named Walter Deaney ( [ [ John Saxon kills a burglar in his house . Only an unorthodox plain - clothes detective named Mitchell believes that Deaney is guilty of something more than self - defense , but Chief Albert Pallin ( [ [ Robert Phillips tells him that Deaney is wanted for " every federal law violation in the book " and is therefore " FBI property . " To keep Mitchell away from Deaney , the Chief orders him to stake out the home of James Arthur Cummings , a wealthy man with ties to the mob whose " big scene " is the import and export of stolen merchandise . Mitchell initially is unconcerned with Cummings and focuses primarily on Deaney . But he gets drawn in after Cummings discovers that Salvatore Mistretta , cousin of his mafioso benefactor Tony Gallano , is bringing in a shipment of stolen heroin from Mexico without Cummings ' consent . After unsuccessfully trying to buy Mitchell off with an offer of an illicit real estate deal and a prostitute named Greta , Deaney decides to work with Cummings to eliminate the annoying cop . Deaney is killed shortly thereafter during an attempt on Mitchell 's life . Cummings refuses to let Mistretta use his port facilities to bring the shipment in , earning him the ire of Gallano who begins sending thugs to harass him . Cummings decides that the only ally he still has — aside from his faithful butler and bodyguard , Benton -- is Mitchell , because he 's no good to the police dead . Cummings offers a deal . If he is allowed to go free , Mitchell will be allowed to pose as a chauffeur and pick up the drug shipment , putting him in a position to both confiscate the drugs and arrest Mistretta . However , Cummings double - crosses Mitchell by alerting Mistretta to his real identity . He 's also double - crossed Mistretta by replacing the heroin with chalk . Mistretta decides to kill Mitchell and dump the body on Cummings ' boat . Mistretta is killed in the subsequent gun battle , freeing Mitchell to go after Cummings , who is attempting to flee the country by sea . Mitchell is dropped onto the boat by helicopter and kills Benton with a gaff hook . Cummings is killed after one final attempted double - cross fails , bringing the story to a close . In 1980 , a heavily edited version of the 1975 film was released for broadcast television , in which most of the violence and all of the nudity and profanity were removed . Several scenes in the film were shot twice for this purpose . * Greta writes on the windshield of Mitchell 's car with lipstick . In the theatrical release the word written on the windshield is " BASTARD " while in the TV version the word is " JERK . " * The sequence during the dinner scene with the phony argument between Cummings and Benton was also shot twice to substitute " goddamn awful butler " with " lousy butler " . * The scene with Mitchell arguing with Greta 's son was edited with Mitchell saying " Buzz off , kid !!! " in the TV version instead of " Piss off , kid !!! " in the theatrical release .
Emma negative Stanley <$> Jon Katz is a man having a midlife crisis . His wife moved out of the house because he was becoming too distant . Their daughter Emma still lives with him , and , also , their dog Stanley . However , one day , Emma notices a problem with Stanley . Jon , Emma and Stanley go to the veterinarian , where Stanley is diagnosed a heart condition , mainly because his heart is beating slower than it should be , and the vet is also surprised by the fact that the dog can run at all . Jon tries to keep playing with Stanley , even tempting him with the ball , but , the dog does not have the strength to go after her anymore , and just keeps lying on the floor.Article for translators : Confusion between To Lay and To Lie Eventually , Stanley dies . Thus , a new dog named Devon is given to Jon , and the craziness of Devon begins ...
Horace negative Dolly ; Cornelius positive Barnaby ; Dolly neutral Irene ; Minnie neutral Irene ; Horace negative Irene ; Minnie negative Cornelius ; Horace negative Cornelius ; Cornelius positive Irene ; Horace positive Ephram <$> In 1890 , all of New York City is excited because widowed , brassy Dolly Levi is in town . Dolly makes a living through matchmaking and numerous sidelines . She is currently seeking a wife for grumpy Horace Vandergelder , the well - known " half - a-millionaire " , but it becomes clear that Dolly intends to marry Horace herself . Dolly travels to Yonkers , New York to visit Horace . Ambrose Kemper , a young artist , wants to marry Horace 's weepy niece , Ermengarde , but Horace opposes this because Ambrose 's vocation does not guarantee a steady living . Horace , who is the owner of Vandergelder 's Hay and Feed , explains to his two clerks , Cornelius Hackl and Barnaby Tucker , that he is going to get married because " It Takes a Woman " to cheerfully do all the household chores . He plans to travel to New York City to propose to Irene Molloy , who owns a hat shop there . Dolly arrives in Yonkers and sends Horace ahead to the city . Before leaving he tells Cornelius and Barnaby to mind the store . Cornelius decides that he and Barnaby need to get out of Yonkers . Dolly knows two ladies in New York they should call on : Irene Molloy and her shop assistant , Minnie Fay . She enters Ermengarde and Ambrose in the upcoming polka competition at the fancy Harmonia Gardens Restaurant in New York City , so Ambrose can demonstrate his ability to be a bread winner to Uncle Horace . Cornelius , Barnaby , Ambrose , Ermengarde and Dolly take the train to New York . Irene and Minnie open their hat shop for the afternoon . Irene does not love Horace Vandergelder and declares that she will wear an elaborate hat to impress a gentleman . Cornelius and Barnaby arrive at the shop and pretend to be rich . Horace and Dolly arrive and Cornelius and Barnaby hide . Minnie screams when she finds Cornelius hiding in an armoire . Horace is about to open the armoire himself , but Dolly " searches " it and pronounces it empty . After hearing Cornelius sneeze , Horace storms out upon realizing there are men hiding in the shop , although he is unaware that they are his clerks . Dolly arranges for Cornelius and Barnaby , who are still pretending to be rich , to take the ladies out to dinner to the Harmonia Gardens to make up for their humiliation . She teaches Cornelius and Barnaby how to dance since they always have dancing at such establishments . The clerks and the ladies go to watch the Fourteenth Street Association Parade together . Alone , Dolly asks her first husband Ephram 's permission to marry Horace , requesting a sign . She resolves to move on with life . After meeting an old friend , Gussie Granger , on a float in the parade , Dolly catches up with the annoyed Vandergelder as he is marching in the parade . She tells him the heiress Ernestina Simple would be perfect for him and asks him to meet her at the Harmonia Gardens that evening . Cornelius is determined to get a kiss before the night is over . Since the clerks have no money to hire a carriage , they tell the girls that walking to the restaurant shows that they 've got " Elegance " . In a quiet flat , Dolly prepares for the evening . At the Harmonia Gardens Restaurant , Rudolph , the head waiter , whips his crew into shape for Dolly Levi 's return . Horace arrives to meet his date , who is really Dolly 's friend Gussie . As it turns out , she is not rich or elegant as Dolly implied , and she soon leaves after being bored by Horace , just as she and Dolly planned . Cornelius , Barnaby and their dates arrive and are unaware that Horace is also at the restaurant . Dolly makes her triumphant return to the Harmonia Gardens and is greeted in style by the staff ( " [ [ Hello , Dolly ! . She sits in the now - empty seat at Horace 's table and proceeds to tell him that no matter what he says , she will not marry him . Fearful of being caught , Cornelius confesses to the ladies that he and Barnaby have no money , and Irene , who knew they were pretending all along , offers to pay for the meal . She then realizes that she left her handbag with all her money in it at home . The four try to sneak out during the polka contest , but Horace recognizes them and also spots Ermengarde and Ambrose . In the ensuing confrontation , Vandergelder fires Cornelius and Barnaby and they are forced to flee as a riot breaks out . Cornelius professes his love for Irene because " It Only Takes a Moment " . Horace declares that he would n't marry Dolly if she were the last woman in the world . Dolly angrily bids him farewell ; while he 's bored and lonely , she 'll be living the high life . The next morning , back at the hay and feed store , Cornelius and Irene , Barnaby and Minnie , and Ambrose and Ermengarde each come to collect the money Vandergelder owes them . Chastened , he finally admits that he needs Dolly in his life , but she is unsure about the marriage until Ephram sends her a sign . Vandergelder spontaneously repeats a saying of Ephram 's : " Money , pardon the expression , is like manure . It 's not worth a thing unless it 's spread about , encouraging young things to grow . " Cornelius becomes Horace 's business partner at the store , and Barnaby fills in Cornelius ' old position . Horace tells Dolly life would be dull without her , and she promises that she 'll " never go away again " .
Pip negative Magwitch <$> A young boy , Pip , runs into an escaped convict at his local churchyard . Pip does favours for Magwitch , such as bringing him food etc. until Magwitch is eventually arrested and deported to Australia .
Damian neutral Anthony ; Damian positive Dorothy <$> Millions tells the story of 7 - year - old Damian , a devout Catholic school boy , whose family moves to the suburbs of Widnes after the death of his mother . Soon after the move , Damian 's " hermitage " in a cardboard box by the train tracks is disturbed by a bag of money flung from a passing train . Damian immediately shows the money to his brother , Anthony , and the two begin thinking of what to do with it . Anthony wants the money all to himself . Damian , kind - hearted and religious , had recently overheard three Latter - day Saint missionaries lecture other members of the community on building foundations of rock rather than foundations of sand , an old Christian principle which dictates that self - worth should be based on the teachings of Christ rather than any other object of worship such as Money / Mammon or Power . The lecture inspires Damian , who looks for ways to give his share of the money to the poor ; at one point he even stuffs a bundle of cash through the missionaries ' letter box , having heard about their modest lifestyle and deciding that they too must be poor . Throughout the story , Damian commits small acts of kindness like buying birds from pet stores and setting them free and taking beggars to Pizza Hut , while Anthony bribes other kids at school into being his transportation and bodyguards , and looks into investing the money in real estate . The story takes place in the weeks leading up to The Bank of England 's change from the pound to the euro - an event publicised as ' € Day ' . An assembly is held at Damian 's school to inform the children about the change , as well as to educate the children about helping the poor . Realizing that the money , which is in pounds , will be no good after a few days , Damian decides that the best thing to do would be to give it away before the conversion . He drops £ 1,000 into the donation can at the assembly . The woman collecting the money , Dorothy , is forced to report Damian ; when questioned by the principal , Anthony lies that he and Damian stole the money from the Mormons . Damian and Anthony are grounded that night . When their father collects them from school he chats with Dorothy , and there is an obvious attraction between them . After the donation , Anthony 's friend informs them that a train carrying notes which were to be destroyed after the conversion had been robbed . One bag was stolen in a diversion , while the robber remained on the train disguised as one of the emergency staff , and the money had been dispersed by throwing it off of the train at various locations throughout the country to be collected by the robbers . The boys logically conclude that their money was stolen , and Damian , who thought the money was from God , feels terrible . Around this time , a mysterious man comes snooping around the train tracks and asks Damian if he has any money . Damian thinks that the man is a beggar and tells him he has ' loads of money ' . However , Anthony realizes he is one of the robbers , and gives the man a jar full of coins to cover Damian 's tracks . The robber eventually finds out where Damian lives and ransacks his house . Damian had informed his father about the money just before they came home to their destroyed house . The robbery is then explained . The robbers boarded the train . They then escaped the police by dressing as football fans and joining a crowd of similarly dressed fans leaving a game . However , one man remained on the train . He began to throw the money off , to be collected later . The robber who came sneaking around hid in Damian 's room after ransacking it , much in the way the train robbery was carried out . Damian 's father , who had resolved to give the money back , decided that if the robbers were going to steal his family 's Christmas , then he would steal the robbers ' money . The family , as well as Dorothy , go on a massive shopping spree on Christmas Eve . That night , after they are asleep , their house is bombarded by beggars and charities begging for contributions , and seeing the confusion that results , Damian runs off to the train tracks to burn the money , deciding that it was doing more harm than good . While he is burning the money , he is visited by his dead mother , who tells him not to worry about her . In the final scene , the audience sees Damian 's dream of the family flying a rocket ship to Africa and helping develop water wells , while Damian narrates over the scene that each family member but him had hidden a little bit of the money beforehand . Damian convinced them to spend this money on the wells he is dreaming about . Earlier in the movie this was shown to be the most crucial and cheapest way to drastically improve the quality of life for many African communities .
Bob positive John <$> Bob Harris , an aging American movie star , arrives in Tokyo to film an advertisement for Suntory whisky , for which he will receive $ 2 million . Charlotte , a young college graduate , is left behind in her hotel room by her husband , John , a celebrity photographer on assignment in Tokyo . Charlotte is unsure of her future with him , as she believes he takes more interest in his celebrity models , most notably a young and popular American actress named Kelly , than he does in her . At the same time , Bob 's own 25 - year marriage is tired and lacking in romance as he goes through a midlife crisis . One night , after a long photo shoot , Bob retreats to the hotel bar . Charlotte , sitting at a table with John and friends , notices Bob and has a waiter bring him a bowl of peanuts from her table . Later , Bob and Charlotte have brief encounters each night at the hotel bar , until Charlotte invites Bob to meet up with some local friends of hers . Bob accepts and arrives later at her hotel room dressed in clothes that appear to be designed for a younger generation . Meanwhile , the two begin a friendship and bond through their adventures in Tokyo together while experiencing the differences between Japanese and American culture , and between their own generations . On the penultimate night of his stay , Bob attracts the attention of the resident vocalist . The next morning , Bob awakens to find the woman in his room , having apparently slept with her . Charlotte arrives at his room to go out for breakfast only to find the woman in his room , leading to conflict and tension over a subsequent lunch . Later that night , during a fire alarm at the hotel , Bob and Charlotte reconcile and express how they will miss each other as they make one more trip back to the hotel bar . On the following morning , Bob is set for his departure back to the United States . He tells Charlotte goodbye at the hotel lobby shortly before checking out and sadly watches her retreat back to an elevator . While riding in a limousine to the airport , Bob sees Charlotte on a crowded street and he gets out and goes to her . Bob embraces Charlotte and whispers something in the tearful Charlotte 's ear . The two share a kiss , say goodbye and Bob departs .
Thomas positive Jackie ; Thomas negative Grissom <$> Spy School is a movie about a boy named Thomas Miller , who has cultivated an infamous reputation at his school for telling tall tales or what some would call outrageous lies as a way of dealing with the divorce of his parents . No one believes anything he says anymore , not even his best friend Jackie Hoffman . He lives a normal life lying through school , getting in trouble with the principal frequently as a result , attempting to attract the attention of various girls , while ignoring the affection Jackie displays for him . When she overtly displays her romantic feelings for him by kissing him , he reacts indifferently , and she walks away , hurt . However , things take a turn for the worst when one day he overhears a dastardly plot to kidnap the President 's daughter , upon her arrival at the school . Now , having spurned Jackie , and no one else believing in him , Thomas sets off to save the First Daughter . Thomas noticed a particular ringtone on the kidnapper 's phone , and thus hears it several times as the newly arrived substitutes ringtone , a friendly janitor , and the principal of the school . He begins to see conspiracies everywhere , and with no one to turn to after spurning Jackie , sets off on his own . He hides in the back of the substitutes van to escape being grounded , then proceeds to infiltrate the school on the night of the dance , believing the principal to be the evil mastermind . Before he does , he goes to Jackie to make one last plea , and apologizes for hurting her . Seeing the truth in his words , she agrees to help him . However , they find several twists in who 's friend or foe . They run through the school , searching for the mastermind before finally finding the true villain to be a rejected Secret Service Agent named Grissom , who had psychological problems . He captures them , and attempts to seal them away , but they escape . Thomas and Jackie head to the dance floor , enlisting the help of the now befriended substitute , who turned out to be a Secret Service Agent , and find Grissom just as he snags the President 's daughter . Grissom drags her to the roof , and only Thomas is able to catch up to him . Grissom manages to capture Thomas too , and drags him onto the helicopter . Thomas 's dad , upon realizing where Thomas is , drives his garbage truck right under the helicopter , and convince both of the children to jump , and they land safely in the back of the truck . Grissom is captured by the Secret Service . After everyone has left , Thomas walking the original girl of his dreams home for the night at Jackie 's selfless urging , he returns to Jackie , and says " That you 're the girl . " Thus , they walk off into the night to return tommorrow for Thomas Miller 's celebratory dance as a hero .
Laxmi neutral his ; his negative Bheema ; Thakur negative his ; Thakur neutral Bheema <$> Thakur Bhupendra Singh and his son Ajit are landlords , presiding oppressively over a small Indian community . Ajit gets Laxmi pregnant and casts her aside . Her brother Bheema goes to plead with them to accept Laxmi as their daughter - in - law and they reject his pleas and have him thrown out . Bheema tries to avenge this humiliation , only to have his sister killed . Bheema is imprisoned , and after his sentence is over he returns to his community , only to be told that he can no longer reside there , as the entire community is terrified of the Thakur and his men . Bheema then decides to move out of town . Some villagers and a police officer persuade Bheema to return , and he agrees . On his return , Bheema 's nephew Kanhaiya is abducted by Thakur and his men , and he will only be returned after Bheema obtains signatures / thumb prints from everyone in the community , thereby turning over their properties to Thakur 's name . Will Bheema compromise the safety of his nephew , and will he able to persuade the community to bow down to Thakur 's demands ?
Simba neutral Kiara ; Kovu positive Kiara ; Simba neutral Zira ; Kovu positive Simba ; Kovu negative Zira ; Kiara positive Zira <$> The film begins where we left off from the end of the first film as the animals of the Pridelands gather to witness the celebration of the newborn cub , Kiara , daughter of King Simba and Queen Nala . As she grows older , Kiara becomes annoyed at her father 's over-protective parenting , and Simba assigns Timon and Pumbaa to keep an eye on her . Kiara manages to escape the duo 's attention , however , and enters the " Outlands " , where she meets a cub designated to be the heir of Scar , Kovu . After escaping a river of crocodiles , Kiara and Kovu become friends , but when Kovu retaliates to Kiara 's playing , out of nowhere , Simba appears and roars at the young cub , and Zira , Kovu 's mother also emerges . Zira and Simba face off , with Zira reminding Simba of how he exiled her and the other Outlanders . She also tells him Kovu was hand - chosen to be Scar 's successor , but Simba decides to ignore her and returns to the Pride Lands with Kiara , lecturing her on the dangers the Outlanders pose . In the Outlands , Nuka , Kovu 's teenage brother , openly expresses his jealousy of Kovu to his sister Vitani , but quickly stops when Zira comes home . Zira scolds Kovu for going into the Pridelands , reminding him that Simba was the one that killed Scar and was the one who exiled the lions who respect Scar . Kovu explains that he does not think it is so bad to have Kiara as his friend , and Zira realizes she can use Kovu 's friendship with Kiara to get to Simba and soon plots an evil plan to get revenge . Now a young adult , Kiara heads out for her first solo hunt , but Nuka and Vitani trap her in a fire , allowing for Kovu to rescue her . Simba , reluctant to thank the young Outlander , is forced to accept Kovu 's asylum now that Kovu saved his daughter . Kovu contemplates attacking Simba as he was instructed to , but he goes out to hunt with Kiara instead and finds himself bewildered by the emotions she raises in him . Kovu eventually reveals to Kiara he was never Scar 's real son , but that " he was still a part of me " . Meanwhile , Simba seeks his ancestor 's guidance on his current situation , but Nala helps him see that Kovu is not Scar . Kovu attempts to confess his mission to Kiara , but Rafiki shows up and leads them to the jungle where he introduces them to " Upendi " — love . Ultimately , Kovu and Kiara indeed fall in love . Kovu 's guilt drives him to confess about his mission to Kiara . Before he can do so , Simba tells him the real story of Scar , which Kovu had never heard . They fall into an ambush set up by Zira 's pride , however . Kovu has the opportunity to murder Simba , but runs away instead . Simba climbs up a pile of logs to escape Zira 's pack , Nuka , proving to Zira that he can capture Simba , is killed when some of the logs crush him to death . Zira blames Kovu for his brother 's death and claws him across his eye in anger and frustration , marking with a scar identical to Scar 's . Kovu attempts to return to the Pride Lands and pleads Simba for his forgiveness , but he believes that the rogue lion was behind Zira 's ambush and eventually exiles him . Kiara is not allowed to go after him either , and she begs her father to reconsider , but Simba sternly refuses . In defiance , Kiara tells Simba that he will never be Mufasa and runs off to find Kovu . Just when Simba notices that Kiara has gone missing , he is informed of an upcoming attack by the Outlanders . The Outlanders and Pridelanders clash and a battle ensues . Zira and Simba face off , but Kovu and Kiara intervene and tell them to cease their hostilities . Kiara reminds her father , by his own words , that " we are one " . Although Zira ignores the plea , the rest of the Outlanders accept it and falter . Zira , standing alone , attempts to attack Simba , but Kiara jumps before her , sending them both over a cliff dangling over a storm - swollen river . Kiara offers Zira her help , but she refuses , however , and falls into the river . Simba rescues Kiara shortly afterwards and he , along with Nala , allows the Outlanders and Kovu to rejoin the Pride Lands at Pride Rock , and even accepts Kovu as his new son - in - law and the future king . Simba looks up at the sky to hear his deceased father 's approval .
Army negative - <$> Following mistreatment by agency authorities , Ulzana breaks out of the San Carlos Indian Reservation with a small war party . Soon news reaches the local military commander , who sends messengers to local homesteads . Both are ambushed and killed ; to avoid capture one kills the woman he is escorting and then himself . The warriors play catch with his heart . The woman 's husband , who stayed behind , is captured and tortured to death . Army scout MacIntosh is given the job of finding Ulzana for a troop of soldiers led by an inexperienced Lieutenant Garnett DeBuin . Joining them on the mission is a veteran sergeant and Apache scout Ke - Ni - Tay . Ke - Ni - Tay knows Ulzana , as their wives are sisters . The cavalry troop leaves Fort Lowell and soon finds evidence of the brutal activities of the Apache war party . The film then focuses on the soldiers ' reality , facing a merciless enemy with far better local skills . We follow the lieutenant through his struggles with his Christian conscience and view of humanity . MacIntosh and Ke - Ni - Tay attempt to outthink and outfight their enemies , while advising the Lieutenant what to do . Ulzana and most of his men abandon their horses , led circuitously by two others in an attempt to tire the pursuers ' heavily loaded mounts . Ke - Ni - Tay notices that the trail is now of unladen horses , and Macintosh works out a plan which leads to the loss of the horses and the death of their two Apache escorts , including Ulzana 's son . The lieutenant prevents his men from mutilating the dead . The raiders attack a nearby farm , torturing the homesteaders and seizing two horses . McIntosh realizes that remaining Apaches physically and psychologically need horses and will try to obtain them by raiding the troop . The woman of the burned out farm , instead of being raped to death , has been left alive so that the cavalry will be forced to send her to the fort with an escort . By splitting the troop , Ulzana hopes to successfully attack the escort and seize its horses . McIntosh suggests a decoy plan to make Ulzana falsely believe that his tactics are successful . Ulzana 's warriors ambush the small escort detachment , obtaining all of its horses and killing most of the soldiers before DeBuin can arrive with the rest of his force . McIntosh is fatally wounded . Ke - Ni - Tay scatters the captured horses as sounding bugle calls which alert Ulzana of his approach . Ulzana flees afoot as the remnants of his band are killed . Ke - Ni - Tay confronts him and shows him the Army bugle taken from the body of his son . Ulzana puts down his weapons and sings his death song before Ke - Ni - Tay kills him . The troopers suggest that Ulzana , or at least his head , should be taken back to the fort . The lieutenant orders him to be buried . MacIntosh knows he wo n't survive the journey back to the fort and chooses to stay behind .
Jack neutral Bob ; Bob positive Mr. ; Helen neutral Bob ; Bob positive Parrs ; Mirage positive Violet <$> " Supers " — humans gifted with superpowers — were once seen as heroes , but collateral damage from their various good deeds led the government to create a " Supers Relocation Program " , forcing the Supers to fit in among the civilians and not use their superpowers . Bob and Helen Parr , who are Supers , have married and now have three children , Violet , Dash , and Jack - Jack in the suburbs of Metroville . Violet and Dash have innate superpowers , but the toddler Jack - Jack has yet to show any . Bob , stuck in a white - collar job at an insurance agency , reminisces of his former days as Mr. Incredible , and sneaks out on Wednesday nights with his Super friend , Lucius Best to fight street crime . One day , Bob loses his temper with his boss who refuses to let Bob help a mugging victim just outside the building , which results in Bob revealing his super strength and losing his job . While trying to figure out what to tell Helen , he finds a message from a woman named " Mirage " , who asks for Mr. Incredible 's help to stop a rogue robot on a distant island for a lucrative reward . Bob , claiming to Helen that he is going on a business trip , takes up Mirage 's offer , and successfully defeats the powerful Omnidroid . On his return to Metroville , Bob spends his days working out and getting back into shape . He takes his super suit , torn in the battle with the Omnidroid , to Edna Mode , the fashion designer to the Supers , and asks her to repair it . She does so , and also insists on creating a new , better super suit for him . She refuses his request to add a cape , though , highlighting how this accessory has doomed several other Supers before him by getting caught on things . Mirage soon contacts Bob with another job on the same island . On arriving , he finds the Omnidroid , rebuilt and reprogrammed to be stronger than before . While trapped by the robot , he meets its creator , the technology - savvy villain Syndrome . Bob recognizes him as a young fan , Buddy Pine , who as a teenager wanted to be Mr. Incredible 's sidekick IncrediBoy but was turned down , due to Bob preferring to work alone 15 years ago . Syndrome has vowed revenge for this shunning , and sets the Omnidroid to kill Bob . Bob fakes his death and hides from the robot , discovering the body of a former Super , Gazerbeam . His curiosity piqued , he breaks into Syndrome 's base and finds a computer , which outlines Syndrome 's obsessive work in tracking down former Supers to lure them into fighting the Omnidroid , and using the results of those fatal battles to improve each incarnation of the machine . Bob is relieved to discover that Helen and his children are not yet identified in Syndrome 's database , and learns that a final design of the Omnidroid will be launched toward Metroville , seemingly to destroy it . Meanwhile , Helen has become suspicious of Bob having an affair . After discovering Bob 's repaired super-suit , she talks to Edna and learns she created new suits for the entire Parr family , each outfitted with a tracking device . Helen triggers Bob 's , identifying the remote island but inadvertently revealing Bob 's presence to Syndrome 's headquarters and causing him to be captured . Helen borrows a private jet from an old friend and travels to the island . Midway she learns that Violet and Dash have stowed away while leaving Jack - Jack at home with a babysitter . As they near the island , Syndrome shoots down the jet , but Helen and the children safely make it ashore . Though Helen rescues Bob and regroups with Violet and Dash as they outrun Syndrome 's guards , they are soon captured by Syndrome , who identifies all of them as a family of Supers . With the Parrs contained , Syndrome explains that he will launch the newly perfected Omnidroid to Metroville , sending the city into chaos , upon which he will appear and , using a control band , " subdue " the robot and become the city 's hero . Syndrome launches the Omnidroid on a rocket and follows in his aircraft . After his departure , Violet escapes and helps to free the rest of the family , and with Mirage 's help , they board a second rocket bound for the city . In Metroville , the Omnidroid starts a path of destruction , and Syndrome enacts his plan , stopping the robot resulting in the people 's cheers . The Omnidroid observes the remote - control band and fires it off Syndrome 's arm , sending the villain scurrying away while the robot continues to wreck the city . The combined abilities of the Parrs and Lucius are able to best and destroy the robot , and the city welcomes them back as heroes . As they are driven back to their home , Helen anxiously calls the babysitter and learns that Syndrome has abducted Jack - Jack . When they arrive at home , Syndrome is taking the toddler to his jet , planning to raise the boy to fight against the Supers in the future . As Bob and Helen launch a rescue attempt , Jack - Jack reveals his powers of transformation and fire - creation , forcing Syndrome to drop him into Helen 's waiting arms . Syndrome tries to escape , but due to Bob 's intervening , his cape is caught in the suction of his aircraft 's engine , which kills him . The ruined plane crashes into the Parrs ' home , but Violet is able to protect the family from harm . Three months later , the Parrs have re-adjusted to normal life , but when a new villain , the Underminer , appears , the Parrs put on their masks , ready to battle the new foe .
Barney positive Eagles <$> { { Plot } } Barney Gorman works hard as a garbageman , but his career indirectly embarrasses his family . All the Philadelphia Eagles ' coach wants to do is impress the football fans in Philadelphia , but having a team that lacks success makes that hard for them . But one day , when Barney and his friend are picking up garbage , Barney takes out his frustration and kicks a water jug at the city dump , which also happens to be a scouting location for the Eagles to buy land in order to build a new stadium , and the owner is present . The jug goes so far , that the Eagles ' coach sees and asks Barney to be their new kicker , which the owner feels is an excellent publicity stunt in " giving an average Joe a shot at the NFL " . Barney joins the Eagles , but at first is n't really accepted by his teammates , especially his roommate , Bubba . But once Barney starts playing and makes a lot of game winning field goals , his teammates and football fans all over town begin to love him . They even dub him a nickname , " G - Man " . Unfortunately , the fame and popularity goes to his head , and he becomes spoiled and selfish . He begins to think that his teammates are his lackeys , and that they should all worship the ground he walks on . After all this , Barney misses a game - winning field goal attempt and a chance to make it to the playoffs . Barney goes to a bar , depressed and lonely , when an attractive blonde woman approaches him . She asks him if he is Barney Gorman and if she could take a picture with him . She takes him to the photographer , but is caught off guard when the woman kisses him . She says thanks while giving him an alluring smile as she walks away . About two days later , Barney is still depressed over the loss and gets kicked off the team . He then misses a date with his wife , and she sees the picture of him kissing the blonde woman in the newspaper . When Barney tries to go home later , he sees that his suitcase is packed with the newspaper photo of him kissing the blonde woman outside the front door . After a while , Barney comes to his senses and goes home to apologize to his wife , son , father , and his teammates . The Eagles let him back on the team , just in time for the final game of the season . At the end of the game , the ball placeholder fumbles the ball , and Barney grabs it and scores the game winning touchdown . Barney then remembers his roots as a garbageman , and at a press conference points out that garbagemen are deserving of respect as they work hard to keep the city clean .
Mikey positive Willie <$> The Goonies , a group of friends living in the " Goon Docks " neighborhood of Astoria , Oregon , face foreclosure on their families ' homes from the expanding Astoria Country Club . On one of their last days their morale sinks particularly low due to Mikey 's older brother having failed his driver 's license exam , thwarting their plans to " cruise the coast in style " during their " last Goonies weekend . " While rummaging through the Walshes ' attic , they find an old newspaper clipping , a Spanish map , and an artifact relating to a rumor of a lost but not forgotten pirate treasure somewhere in the area . Hearing the call of adventure , Mikey tries to persuade his friends to join him in search for the treasure hoarded by a pirate named One - Eyed Willie . Initially reluctant , the group eventually decides to evade the authority of Mikey 's older brother , Brandon , and escape for one last " Goonie adventure . " They then head down the coast and stumble upon a derelict seaside restaurant that seems to match coordinates set by the map and an old doubloon , unaware that the Fratellis , a family of fugitives , are using the restaurant as their hideout . After first encountering the family , the Goonies come back after the Fratellis have left and discover their criminal intents , and send Chunk , the group 's clumsy , heavy - set dreamer and teller of tall tales , to get help . However , the Fratellis return before they can leave , forcing the Goonies to use a cavern underneath the restaurant to escape . The Fratellis capture Chunk and interrogate him , learning nothing until a pack of bats burst out of the cavern beneath the restaurant . Chunk is placed in the same room with the forsaken and deformed Fratelli brother , Sloth , while the rest of the Fratellis enter the cavern and follow the Goonies ' trail . As the Goonies traverse the cavern , Mikey discovers that it matches up with the map and convinces the rest of the group to continue to follow it to find the treasure . They overcome many deadly traps set by One - Eyed Willie , and eventually arrive at a large underground cavern and a lagoon where Willie 's ship , the Inferno , lies waiting . While others begin to fill their pockets with the riches on the ship , Mikey finds Willie 's skeleton , and reverently acknowledges him as the " first Goonie " , leaving part of the treasure with him as tribute . However , as the Goonies exit the hold , they are caught by the Fratellis , who take their treasure and force the kids to walk the plank . The Goonies are saved by the timely arrival of Chunk and Sloth , now close friends , who help the rest of the group to shore . With the children no longer a threat , the Fratellis ransack the rest of the ship , including the share of the treasure Mikey left for Willie . This sets off a final booby trap , causing the cave to begin collapsing . The Goonies flee through a hole in the cave , finding themselves on a beach . Two passing policemen spot them and call in for help . The Goonies are soon reunited with their parents while the Fratellis are arrested and Chunk offers to take Sloth into his home . As the Astoria Country Club calls upon Mikey 's father to sign over the deed to his property , Rosalita , the Walshes ' maid , discovers that Mikey 's marble bag contains a large handful of jewels taken from the ship . Mikey 's father quickly estimates that its value is more than enough to save everyone 's homes . As the families celebrate , they spot the unmanned Inferno , now free of the cave , sailing away .
Leeds negative Averson <$> The disillusioned and disgruntled redshirt Crewman Averson is stuck on patrol on an unknown planet when he meets optimistic Crewman Leeds , who is new on board the USS Enterprise . As the two search for an energy field , Averson tells Leeds the true nature of redshirts as cannon fodder : " Redshirts die first " and goes on about his opinions on Captain Kirk , Spock , and other fixtures of the show . Leeds on the other hand says he is eager to serve in Starfleet , wants to learn to speak Klingon " just for fun " and his observation about how Qui - Gon Jinn does n't disappear in Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace as does Obi - Wan Kenobi in Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope . Eventually , the two encounter an alien resembling a floating orb . While Averson hides , Leeds is stuck admiring its beauty and is killed . Averson tries to contact the Enterprise with his communicator , which he finds is broken and replaces it with that of Leeds and moves on .
Kamal neutral Nawab ; Kamran neutral Nawab ; Kamal neutral Johri ; Kamal neutral Luca ; she negative Luca ; Kamal positive she ; she positive Nawab <$> Kamal Malhotra is a salesman working with a table - fan manufacturing firm . He lives with his uncle and mother . One night in a jewel exhibition , he meets the Nawab of Chandrapur . While introducing himself to the Nawab , his name is overheard by a member of a gang , Kamran . He is invited by Kamran to meet a diamond dealer , Seth Narottam Johri . The members of the gang are actually taking him to be the famous CID officer Kamal Malhotra . He is left drunk in a car and the police arrests him . He explains to the police what happened last night but is unable to prove the identity of the gang . Another night in a hotel , he finds Narottam Johri and tries to catch him . Narottam Johri is killed by another member of the gang , Luca and Kamal gets accused of the murder . He escapes from the hotel and tries to catch Luca but the only thing he could get hold of is a train ticket . To save himself and to catch Luca , he flees from the police and travels by the same train in which Luca is travelling . There he meets Sonia Shrivastav and falls in love with her . To hide his identity , he introduces himself as Ashok Saxena to her . In the train , the police come searching for him . So he escapes from the train taking Sonia as hostage in the police jeep . Sonia later tells Kamal that she is a model . Actually she works for Captain S.P. Singh whose gang is in search for CID officer Kamal Malhotra . She makes the Captain understand in a meeting that she is trying to find the true identity of Kamal while tricking him into thinking that she loves him . But Captain realises that she can not be trusted and asks Luca to kill her . However , Sonia makes a narrow escape and Luca is killed . One night while Kamal is with the Nawab , he gets kidnapped by Captain 's men . However , he again manages to escape by getting himself caught by the police after creating chaos in an auction . Towards the end , the Nawab organises an exhibition of his jewels which Sonia is supposed to exhibit by wearing them . During the exhibition , Kamal is kept in a closed room as he watches the exhibition on a CCTV . Captain disguises himself as the Nawab by wearing a mask . At this point , it is revealed that it is actually Sonia who is the real CID officer Kamal Malhotra and she is working with Captain to take revenge for her brother who was killed by Luca . Kamal Malhotra now realises that Sonia actually loves him and was doing all this for a good cause . The story ends with Captain 's death after a chase sequence and finally , Kamal Malhotra marries Kamal Malhotra . This movie is a scene for scene remake of Alfred Hitchcock ` s thriller North by Northwest .
Zack positive Claire ; Zack positive Bart ; Claire neutral Bart <$> Zack Elliot is a successful young doctor in the Los Angeles area married to Claire , an equally successful television network executive during the early 1980s . They have been married for eight years and are generally happy in their relationship , sharing in common a love for Gilbert and Sullivan and the poetry of Rupert Brooke , to whom they were introduced by their elderly former neighbor , Winnie Bates . Intending to start a family , the couple buy a big house together . Unknown to Claire , Zack has been struggling with feelings of attraction to other men . He picks up men in his car and starts frequenting gay bars in West Hollywood on his lunch hour , although he does not follow through sexually . This changes when he meets Bart McGuire , a gay novelist who comes to see him for a medical check - up . Bart leads a fairly hedonistic single lifestyle , picking up multiple sexual partners , frequenting gay bars and clubs , occasionally taking recreational drugs . Zack and Bart are mutually but unspokenly attracted to each other and go out for lunch . A few days later , Zack calls Bart and asks him on a dinner date . He lies to Claire , saying he has to work late . At Bart 's house , Zack and Bart talk and it becomes clear that Zack is not yet able to identify as gay , instead labeling himself " curious " . That night Zack and Bart go to bed together , which is the first time Zack has ever had sex with another man . Afterwards , Zack wants to stay the night , but Bart , following his usual pattern , brushes him off . Angered , Zack leaves but returns the next day to confront Bart further about Bart 's fear of intimacy . Bart makes plans for them to get together during the weekend . Claire , concerned about the growing distance in her marriage , goes to her boss seeking a year - long leave of absence . Instead , he promotes her and sends her to New York City on a weekend business trip . Zack takes advantage of the opportunity to spend more time with Bart , but they end up arguing . Zack calls the outline for Bart 's new novel less than honest , and Bart confronts Zack about his own lack of honesty about his sexuality . That night in bed , Zack tells Bart that he loves him . The next morning , fearful of his own growing feelings for Zack , Bart pushes him away again . Eventually , Bart realizes that he does have feelings for Zack but that he is not ready for the level of commitment that Zack needs . He is last seen in the film back out in the bars , cruising . With Claire home from her trip , Zack tells Claire of his feelings for other men . Although she said she could handle anything he could tell her , she reacts very badly and Zack leaves the house . A few days later , an emotional Claire trashes some of Zack 's clothes and finds a matchbook with a man 's name and number written in it . She locates someone Zack had picked up , and they talk . She learns from him that gay people can live normal and happy lives . Claire attempts to get Zack to remain in the marriage , even claiming that she would be okay with him having affairs with other men , but Zack advises her that she must let go . Zack then tells Claire that he has a job prospect in New York City , working with cancer patients . In the end , the two agree to a divorce . The film ends a few years in the future , with the death of Winnie Bates , Zack and Claire 's former neighbor . Zack is living in New York and in a committed relationship with another man by this time , but he returns to Los Angeles for the funeral . Claire has since gotten re-married to an Architect and has a young son named Rupert . After the funeral , Zack and Claire discuss their lives and express their own happiness and their gratitude that the other is happy . Throughout the film , Bart and Claire deliver several mini-monologues , speaking directly to the camera about aspects of their lives and their feelings about the scenes that had just played out on - screen .
Laura negative John ; John negative Christine ; Laura neutral Christine ; John neutral her <$> Some time after the drowning of their young daughter , Christine , in a tragic accident at their English country home , John Baxter and his wife , Laura , are staying in Venice where John has been contracted by a bishop to restore an ancient church . Laura encounters two elderly sisters at a restaurant where she and John are dining , one of whom is blind and claims to be psychic and in contact with the Baxters ' deceased daughter . The blind sister , Heather , tells Laura she can see Christine and describes the attire she was wearing at the time of the accident , and that Christine is happy . Shaken , Laura returns to her table , where she faints . Laura is taken to hospital , where she later tells John what the sisters told her . John is sceptical but pleasantly surprised by the positive change in Laura 's demeanour . Later in the evening after returning from the hospital , John and Laura engage in passionate sexual intercourse . Afterwards , they go out to dinner where they get lost and briefly become separated . John catches a glimpse of what looks like a small child wearing a red coat similar to the one Christine was wearing when she died . The next day , Laura meets with the sisters , who hold a séance to try to contact Christine . She returns to the hotel and tells John that Christine has said he is in danger and must leave Venice . John loses his temper with Laura , but that night they receive a telephone call informing them that their son has been injured in an accident . Laura departs for England , while John stays on to complete the restoration . Under the assumption that Laura is in England , John is shocked when later that day he spots her on a barge that is part of a funeral cortege , accompanied by the two sisters . Concerned about his wife 's mental state and with reports of a serial killer at large in Venice , he reports Laura 's disappearance to the police . The inspector investigating the killings , is suspicious of John and has him followed . After conducting a futile search for Laura and the sisters — in which he again sees the childlike figure in the red coat — John contacts his son 's boarding school to enquire about his condition , only to discover Laura is already at the school . After speaking to her to confirm she really is in England , a bewildered John returns to the police station to inform the police he has found his wife . In the meantime the police have found the sisters and brought them in for questioning , so an apologetic John offers to escort Heather back to her hotel to rejoin her sister , Wendy . Back at the hotel , Heather goes into a trance as John is leaving . On his way out , John catches another glimpse of the mysterious figure in red , and this time pursues it . Coming out of her trance , Heather beseeches her sister to go after John , sensing that something terrible is about to happen to him , but Wendy is unable to catch up with him . Meanwhile , John has followed the elusive figure to a deserted palazzo , and having cornered it , realises too late that the strange sightings he has been experiencing were premonitions of his own death .
Nick positive Ambar ; Ron negative Cathy <$> Two young progressive Indians , Nikhil " Nick " Arora and Ambar Malhotra or " Amby " , have left India to live their lives in Melbourne , Australia . Nick fled to Australia to become an architect . After becoming one , he got a commission to design a restaurant , where he works as the head chef and the restaurant has been named " Nick of Time " . His job allows him have a laid - back lifestyle and get up late in the morning , both aspects that he values very much . In Bangalore , Ambar was shown twelve men for marriage and she rejected each one . Her parents suspected that she did not want to get married , however , she denied it . She went to Australia for a one - year foreign exchange program and decided to stay and become a surgeon . After hearing this , her parents cut off all ties with her . To pay for her education , she works as an R.J. at a local radio station , " Salaam Namaste " . When Nick is supposed to do an interview for Salaam Namaste , he oversleeps resulting in him getting insulted by Ambar on the air . His boss , Dheka , demands that he go to the radio station or he will ' kill ' him . Nick oversleeps again and he is , once again , insulted by Ambar for being late . Nick gets work catering for one of Ambar 's friends wedding . His best friend Rajeev " Ron " Mathur falls in love with Ambar 's best friend Cathy at the wedding . Nick also feels a connection with Ambar , although they have no idea who the other really is . Nick tells Ambar he is an architect , lying . Ron and Cathy marry the next day and Nick and Ambar discover each other 's true identities . Nick has the interview on Salaam Namaste , where he states , publicly , that he loves Ambar . They both end up at Ron and Cathy 's house , where the two just had a fight . Nick persuades Ambar to move in together , where they fall in love . Two months later , Ambar discovers she is pregnant , Nick takes her to get an abortion that she later tells him she did not have , resulting in a break up . Over the next five months , they have several comical disagreements . Nick finds a restaurant to buy , but the loan was not approved and he can not afford the downpayment because he spent all his money on the house to live with Ambar . This results in another argument where the baby kicks for the first time and Nick realizes he still loves Ambar . Ambar asks Nick to take a blood test because Ambar is thalassemia minor and if Nick is a thalassemia minor too the baby would have a problem . Nick goes to the hospital where he has his blood test and the doctor gives him a sonography , and at the hospital Nick finds out that Ambar is bearing twins . On the way home he thinks about what the doctor said to him and he realizes that he has left Ambar alone through the whole pregnancy , when she needed him the most . He goes home and looks at the sonography and realizes he still loves Ambar . He goes to buy an engagement ring and sees a pregnant Ambar trying on rings with her friend , Dev . Nick thinks that Ambar is marrying Dev and is devastated . He goes and gets drunk and takes an Australian girl home with him . When he wakes up , he is shocked , but the girl , Stella , is angry because he did n't do anything and was crying out Ambar 's name all night . Nick is greatly relieved , but then Ambar sees her in the bedroom and is very upset and tells Nick she 's moving out today . Then , Nick discovers that when Ambar was trying on rings , it was for Dev 's girlfriend , Tina . He desperately searches for Ambar with the help of many devoted Salaam Namaste listeners . He finds her and apologizes but , when he is about propose , Ambar 's water breaks , so they rush to the hospital . At the hospital , Ron is there with Cathy , who 's giving birth as well , and the nurse turns out to be Stella . She tells Ambar that he did n't do anything that night and is in love with Ambar , who finally realizes Nick 's true love for her . They then meet the incompetent obstetrician Dr. Vijay Kumar MDGGO , who turns out to be a very comical and horrible doctor , but manages to deliver the children . Ambar gives birth to twins and Nick proposes to her to which she joyously agrees .
Bryant negative Gaff ; Bryant negative Deckard ; Deckard neutral Holden ; Leon neutral Holden ; Rachael negative Deckard ; Tyrell positive Roy ; Sebastian negative Roy ; Deckard negative Roy <$> { { Hatnote } } In Los Angeles , November 2019 , retired police officer Rick Deckard is detained by officer Gaff and brought to meet with his former supervisor , Bryant . Deckard , whose job as a " Blade Runner " was to track down bioengineered beings known as replicants and " retire " them , is told by Bryant that several have escaped and come to Earth illegally . As Tyrell Corporation Nexus - 6 models , they have only a four - year lifespan , and may have come to Earth to try to extend their lives . Deckard watches a video of another Blade Runner named Holden administering a " Voight - Kampff " test designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their empathic response to questions . The subject of the test , Leon , shoots Holden . Bryant wants Deckard to return to work to retire Leon and three other replicants — Roy Batty , Zhora and Pris . Deckard refuses , but after Bryant makes an overt threat , he reluctantly agrees . Sent to the Tyrell Corporation to ensure that the test works on Nexus - 6 models , Deckard discovers that Tyrell 's assistant Rachael is an experimental replicant who believes herself to be human ; Rachael 's consciousness has been enhanced with false memories to provide an " emotional cushion " . As a result , a more extensive test is required to determine if she is a replicant . Trying to find a way to meet with Tyrell , Roy and Leon go to the eye - manufacturing laboratory of Chew , forcing him to divulge the identity of J.F. Sebastian , a gifted designer who works closely with Tyrell . Rachael visits Deckard at his apartment to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo . Dropping the photo to the floor , Rachael leaves in tears after Deckard tells her that her memories are only implants taken from a real person . Sent by Roy , Pris meets and gains the confidence of Sebastian at his apartment , where he lives with manufactured companions . While searching Leon 's apartment , Deckard finds a photo of Zhora , and a synthetic snake scale that leads him to a strip club where Zhora works . Deckard retires Zhora , and shortly after is told by Bryant to add Rachael , who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation headquarters , to his list of retirements . Deckard spots Rachael in a crowd but is disarmed and attacked by Leon , who saw him kill Zhora . Rachael kills Leon using Deckard 's gun , and the two return to Deckard 's apartment , where he promises not to hunt her . Later they share an intimate moment ; Rachael then tries to leave , but Deckard seduces her . Arriving at Sebastian 's apartment , Roy tells Pris the others are dead . Sympathetic to their plight , Sebastian reveals that because of a genetic disorder that accelerates his aging , his life will also be cut short . Under a pretext , Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into Tyrell 's secure penthouse , where Roy demands more life from his maker . Told that this has proved to be impossible , Roy confesses that he has done " questionable things " . Tyrell dismisses Roy 's guilt , praising Roy 's advanced design and his accomplishments . Responding " Nothing the god of biomechanics would n't let you into heaven for " , Roy kisses Tyrell , then kills him . Sebastian runs for the elevator followed by Roy , who rides the elevator down alone . Upon entering Sebastian 's apartment , Deckard is ambushed by Pris , but manages to kill her just as Roy returns . Roy fights Deckard without using his full strength against him . Eventually Deckard is hanging from a rooftop . Just as he is about to fall , Roy saves him . His life ending , Roy delivers a monologue on how his memories are about to be lost and dies in front of Deckard , who watches silently . Gaff arrives and , referring to Rachael , shouts to Deckard " It 's too bad she wo n't live , but then again , who does ? " Deckard returns to his apartment to find Rachael alive and sleeping in his bed ; as they leave , Deckard finds a small tin - foil unicorn , a calling card left by his origami - making partner Gaff . Depending on the version , Deckard and Rachael either leave the apartment block to an uncertain future , or drive through an idyllic pastoral landscape .
Sailaja positive Arjun ; Deva negative Sailaja ; Deva positive Arjun <$> Arjun , an unemployed youngster and Deva a powerful don both fall in love with Sailaja , a middle - class beauty , at the same time on a rainy day at a railway station . Arjun keeps bumping into Sailaja coincidentally every time it rains . This makes them both feel that it is perhaps the rain that keeps bringing them together , and they start to fall in love . Deva , on the other hand , takes the back - door route to get the girl , with the help of her good - for - nothing father . After learning of the Arjun and Sailaja 's love , Deva and Sailaja 's father work up devious plans to break them up . And finally they succeed in creating a rift between the two lovers . Though Arjun realizes what is really happening , Sailaja falls prey to the foils of the Deva and her father . The young lovers part ways ; Sailaja becomes a leading lady in the movies and Arjun works with his uncle in a quarry as a demolition expert . Deva is cheated out of some money by Sailaja 's father , and as revenge , he finds out where Sailaja now lives and kidnaps her from right under her parents ' noses . Sailaja 's father realizes that the only person who is daring enough and cares enough to get his daughter back is Arjun and goes to him with his pleas . It takes much convincing , but Arjun finally decides to rescue Sailaja but for reasons other than love.At this point shriya begins to realise that her father lied to her and tries to get back with Arjun but he refuses because she did not trust him . Soon somehow Sailaja convinces Arjun that it was n't her fault and they both start loving again . The climax is a heroic fight between Arjun and Deva .
Brinda neutral Arjun ; Guna negative Arjun <$> Arjun is an IT professional who was in London for years , and has now come down to Chennai to set up his own business . He has a wide friends circle like Krishna , Gopal ( [ [ Vivek and their wives , who make merry . Arjun 's philosophy in life is to be always cool and never lose one 's temper under any circumstances . He feels if one has to reach his goal in life it is better to win over your enemies and take them along . However Arjun is shocked when he finds that his late father had another family , and his half sister Brinda is now trying to sell his family house in Madurai . She needs the money to go to US , as she has got a scholarship at MIT ! They lock horns over the property and land up in Madurai , where a red chilly dealer Durai Raj is staying in their house with his daughter Annapoorni aka Molaka . Arjun pretends that Poorni is his childhood sweetheart , wins her over and manages to get her vacated from the premise . There is a rowdy Guna who is a terror in Madurai and Arjun gets entangled with him that leads to an accident in which his wife Poonkodi gets killed . Now Guna is baying for revenge as he follows Arjun to Chennai . The rest of the film is how Arjun tries to take the responsibilities as a big brother and wins over Brinda and deals with Guna , who is determined to kill him .
Murphy neutral Brigitte ; Geoffrey neutral Wallace ; James negative Brigitte ; Brigitte neutral Wallace ; Murphy negative Wallace ; Gilbert positive Brigitte ; Gilbert negative Wallace <$> { { Plot } } The film states that each spring a party from the fort traveled to Hudson Bay to trade pelts for winter provisions but in 1815 the party never returned . This is when the story begins . Brigitte and Ginger are lost with their horse in the Canadian wilderness when they come across a seemingly abandoned camp . They then notice an elderly Indian woman , who gives Ginger and Brigitte each a necklace with a bird 's skull . The woman speaks of them as the red and black , and warns that unless they " kill the boy " one sister will kill the other . Suddenly the girls ' horse is startled and flees . Ginger goes back to the camp to find the Indian woman , but the hunter arrives before Ginger returns . He releases Brigitte and leads them to Fort Bailey where they take refuge . Ginger claims they are the daughters of a trader who drowned , seeking passage East . The fort has been under siege by werewolves for some time . The sisters are taken to the doctor , Murphy , who inspects Brigitte ’s wound . Murphy applies a leech , surreptitiously testing to see if a werewolf bit her . They are given a room that belonged to Wallace 's son Geoffrey . That night Ginger is awakened by a voice and goes to investigate . Wandering the corridors she eventually finds the source of the voice , and enters a small , bolted unlit room ; reaching out to a deformed boy , who turns and bites her as he flees . Ginger and Brigitte try to leave the fort , but one of the men , James , confronts them . While Ginger and James are fighting , werewolves attack , killing one of their men . The sisters are led by Reverend Gilbert to an allegedly safe building , which actually contains a werewolf . The sisters run up the stairs chased by the werewolf , but the hunter appears and kills it . As Ginger and Brigitte are going to their room Ginger 's nose starts to bleed ; a sign that she is infected . The sisters discover the boy who bit Ginger is Wallace 's son Geoffrey . As Ginger sleeps he sneaks into the bedroom and wakes her . She tries to grab him but he gets away , taking a lock of her hair . One of the men investigates the noise and is killed by Geoffrey . The others find the body with the lock of Ginger ’s hair beside it and drag Ginger away while James holds Brigitte captive . Wallace arrives , dismisses James , and makes a deal with Brigitte ; her sister 's life in exchange for their silence regarding his son . Wallace and Brigitte find Ginger at the doctor 's , strapped to the examination table and held at gunpoint , about to be tested with a leech . When Wallace demands they release Ginger , Murphy ignores the order . Wallace shoots him dead , prompting the other men to leave . Ginger is determined to kill the boy to lift the curse but when she finds Geoffrey , he is crying at his mother 's grave . He escapes and is captured instead by the men . Wallace arrives and kills his son himself . The sisters ' protection at an end , Ginger is forced to leave , and Brigitte goes with her . Desperate for a cure , the sisters go to the hunter 's cave , Ginger killing their guide shortly before they arrive . At the cave , the hunter and Indian seer woman reveal the sisters ' coming had long been prophesied and that the Red and the Black would decide the destiny of the werewolf bloodline . After Brigitte is put in a trance - like state she has a vision of her destiny ; she sees the hunter attempting to kill Ginger , and then kills her sister herself . As Brigitte emerges from the trance she finds the seer is dead , killed by Ginger , who has fled . The hunter leads Brigitte back to the fort . Back at the fort , Brigitte is taken prisoner . Gilbert goes to her , telling her to beg forgiveness to save her soul ; Brigitte curses , spitting in his face . Gilbert drags her out onto the parade square , and prepares to burn her alive . He is interrupted by Wallace who runs Gilbert through with his sword before setting him on fire . James engages Ginger in a fight and she slashes his throat . As he falls to the ground bleeding to death , Ginger opens the gates and ushers in the werewolves . While the Hunter holds his own against them , Wallace is soon bitten and sets the fort on fire before killing himself . The hunter urges Brigitte to kill her sister ; instead , Brigitte kills the hunter and flees with her sister . The film ends with only Ginger and Brigitte left alive , huddled in the snow . Brigitte then holds out her hand and presses a cut on it against a cut on Gingers hand , mingling their blood , and infecting Brigitte .
Doug positive Tess ; Carlisle positive Service <$> { { Expand section } } Doug Chesnic is a Secret Service agent who takes great pride in his job , performing his duties with the utmost professionalism . However , his assignment for the last three years has been a severe test of his patience . Doug leads the team stationed in Ohio who protects Tess Carlisle , the widow of a former U.S. President , and who is well known for her diplomatic and philanthropic work , but Tess tends to regard Doug less as a security officer and more of a domestic servant , like her chauffeur , Earl , or her nurse , Frederick . Doug regards it as beneath his professional dignity to perform little chores around the house or bring Tess her breakfast in bed , but she orders him to do so , and he 's in no position to say no . Sometimes , Tess even refuses to obey Doug 's security instructions , eluding her own bodyguards , and anytime Doug argues with her , she contacts a close friend – the current President of the United States – to inform him of her displeasure . Doug 's three - year hitch with Tess comes to an end , so he asks to be given a more exciting and challenging assignment . Tess has other ideas ; she 's decided that she likes working with Doug and demands that his assignment be made permanent . Doug does eventually get the excitement he craved , but in a way he could not foresee , when Tess gets kidnapped . Doug suspects Earl of being involved in the abduction and confronts him in his hospital room , where he claims he was rendered unconscious by the abductors . Doug threatens to shoot off Earl 's toes , one by one , until he confesses his involvement and tells Doug and an FBI agent where Mrs. Carlisle is being held . Doug shoots off one of Earl 's toes and , before he can shoot off another , Earl confesses his role and tells Doug that Mrs. Carlisle is being held captive by Earl 's sister and her husband . The FBI and the Secret Service arrive at the location indicated by Earl , arrest the two kidnappers , and find Mrs. Carlisle buried , but alive , beneath the floor of the farmhouse . Mrs. Carlisle insists that her Secret Service detail accompany her to the hospital , forcing several high - ranking law enforcement officials to leave the rescue helicopter . Mrs. Carlisle is released from the hospital , but refuses to obey the hospital rule that patients must be discharged in a wheelchair . Doug tells her " Tess , get in the goddamn chair " and , after a brief pause , Tess complies , pats Doug 's hand and says " Very good , Douglas . "
Murad negative Bryan ; Lenore positive Kim ; Lenore neutral Bryan ; Bryan neutral Kim <$> After the events in Paris in Taken , relatives of the men whom Bryan Mills killed while searching for his daughter , Kim , return to their hometown , Tropojë , Albania , for the dead men 's funeral . During the ceremony , Murad , the employer of the men and father of Marko , a victim whom Bryan killed by electrocution , states that they will find Bryan to avenge the deaths of their loved ones . When arriving at Kim 's home to take her on a driving lesson , Bryan learns from her mother Lenore , who is currently having relationship problems with her husband , that Kim is not there and that she has a new boyfriend . After Lenore 's husband cancels their holiday to China , Bryan suggests that Kim and Lenore join him in Istanbul after he has finished a work assignment there . After being led to believe that they have not taken him up on the offer , Bryan is surprised to find that Kim and Lenore have indeed flown out to join him . Later , after lunching in the marketplace , Kim stays behind at the hotel in an attempt to help her parents rekindle their relationship . While Bryan and Lenore are out , they are pursued by Murad 's men , and , despite Bryan 's efforts , Lenore is captured , forcing Bryan to surrender . Before he does so , he calls Kim to explain the situation and tells her to hide . With advice from Bryan , she is able to evade the kidnappers . Bryan wakes up with his hands tied to a pole in a dark room . Using a communications device that he has hidden in his sock , Bryan calls Kim , instructing her to go to the US Embassy and tell them what happened , but she begs for a chance to help him and Lenore , which he decides to give her . Under Bryan 's guidance , she opens up his weaponry suitcase and throws a live grenade out of the window . Bryan uses the time it takes for the sound of the explosion to to reach him in order to deduce his location . He then has her take a gun and two more grenades and travel towards his location via the rooftops , while he frees himself from his restraints . Bryan then sends steam up a chimney to pinpoint his location , and Kim drops the gun down the chimney , allowing Bryan to use it to kill the guards and escape the building , leaving Lenore behind while he rescues Kim , who is being chased . Bryan later returns , intending to rescue Lenore , but he is unable to do so as she has already been taken away . This forces Bryan and Kim to drive through the city in a stolen taxi while being chased by Murad 's men and the police , who were summoned by the taxi driver . The chase ends with Bryan and Kim 's crashing through a military checkpoint leading into the US Embassy . Bryan calls Sam , a friend and former CIA colleague , and has him call off the embassy guards . Having memorized the route the kidnappers used when they first took Bryan and Lenore to Murad 's safe house , he returns to the building and kills the men guarding Lenore before confronting Murad . After confirming with Murad that his two remaining sons will want revenge should Bryan kill him , Bryan offers to let him walk away if Murad leaves Bryan and his family alone . Murad seemingly agrees , and Bryan drops his gun , but when his back is turned , Murad grabs the gun and attempts to shoot Bryan , only to discover that Bryan has emptied the magazine . Murad attempts to attack Bryan , but Bryan pushes him against a wall , impaling him on a towel hook and killing him instantly . Bryan then reunites with Lenore . Three weeks later , the Mills family eats at a café to celebrate Kim 's passing her driving test . They are joined , much to Bryan 's surprise , by Kim 's boyfriend Jamie , and Kim jokingly asks her overprotective father not to shoot him .
Kishan negative Kumar ; Bihari negative Kishan ; Kishan neutral Mary <$> Thakur Virendra Singh lives a wealthy lifestyle in India along with his wife and a son , Kumar . His relative Bihari is envious , and successfully switches his son , Kishan , with Kumar , and also ends up killing Virendra . In this manner , Kumar grows up a wealthy lifestyle , while Kishan lives a poor lifestyle , shunned by his father and his mother , who has lost the use of her vocal cords . Bihari takes Kishan to his brother in Bombay , and leaves him there to lead a life of crime . 20 years later , Kishan has grown up and is now a master burglar . He meets with another burglar , Mary , and both decide to be fifty fifty partners . However , Mary has other plans , she ditches Kishan and joins forces with Diwan Shamsher Singh to masquerade as the long - lost daughter of Ranimaa of Chandpur . Mary does not know that it was the Diwan who has done away with Rajkumari Ratna , and he will not hesitate to kill Mary - or anyone else who dares to stand in his way and the treasure of Chandpur .
Ruth negative Diana <$> Diana Sullivan is a successful Manhattan writer and photojournalist , seemingly oblivious to the serious cocaine addicition that her wild child daughter Grace has developed . A commission by Cosmopolitan magazine to write an article about a lost branch of Diana 's family leads them deep into the bayous of Louisiana , where they encounter Diana 's distant cousin , Ruth . Married at 12 to an abusive man whose current whereabouts are an increasingly troubling cipher , Ruth rules over her 3 adult sons , all less than perfectly cogent , with equal parts protectiveness and ferocity , while a fourth , disowned son adds to the volatility of the situation . As the fascinated Diana and wary Ruth circle one another , Grace , bored and in grip of her addiction , toys with her naive cousins with devastating consequences .
Miss negative Amanda ; Amanda negative Condon <$> In August 1939 , a motley group of travellers find themselves in a small hotel in Bavaria , awaiting a delayed train to Switzerland . They include a " much married madcap American heiress " , Amanda Metcalf - Midvani - Von Hoffsteader - Kelly , and Robert Condon , a wise - cracking American photographer . That evening , Amanda gets very drunk and is knocked unconscious . The following morning , badly hungover , she finds herself in a train compartment with Miss Froy , an elderly governess and Baroness Kisling with her servants . Other travellers include Charters and Caldicot , English gentlemen returning to England for the test match and ' Todhunter ' , an English diplomat ' larking about ' with his mistress and Dr. Egon Hartz . When she wakes up , Miss Froy has vanished . Her fellow travellers deny seeing Miss Froy and declare that she never existed . Amanda begins to doubt her own mental condition . Amanda starts to investigate , joined only by a sceptical Condon . The train stops to pick up a badly burnt and heavily bandaged automobile accident victim . Shortly thereafter , a " Miss Froy " apparently reappears , but it is not her . The train resumes its journey and Amanda is attacked . Miss Froy 's broken glasses are found and Condon now believes Amanda 's story . They surmise that Miss Froy was lured to the baggage car and is being held captive - and that the heavily bandaged ' accident victim ' is now Miss Froy . This proves to be the case and Dr. Hartz attempts to drug them - but his wife has not put any drug in their drinks At the next station , the train is shifted onto a branch line and only the buffet car and one carriage are left . The train stops and Helmut von Reider , an SS officer , approaches the train , demanding that Miss Froy be surrendered . The passengers refuse and a gunfight ensues . Miss Froy chooses this moment to confess that she is in fact a courier with a vital coded message that must be delivered to London . She leaves the train and disappears . Condon , Charters and Caldicot contrive to take over the engine and drive the train back to the main line and over the Swiss border .
Jay positive Marie ; Elena negative Jay ; Elena negative Kristen ; him negative Marie ; Marie negative Richards <$> Set , like the previous films , in the fictional port town of Blue Bay , Marie Clifton is set to inherit two beautiful diamonds , called the " mother and daughter " . Marie 's stepfather , Jay Clifton , challenges the will claiming that he believes Marie is not ready for the responsibility , but actually wishing to claim the diamonds for himself . At a sexual education seminar , physician Chad and probation officer Kristen Richards discuss sex crimes . Richards reveals that she was a victim of an anonymous rapist many years before . At Marie 's swim - meet , Jay encounters Elena Sandoval , and invites her to a party he planned for Marie . She attends , and Marie , upon seeing her , fights with her and throws her into the pool . Later , Elena encounters Jay . The audience does not see what happens next , and the next thing it learns is that Elena accuses him of raping her . Chad investigates , and testifies to the court that he believes Elena was raped . Marie believes that Elena is doing this for money and tells Jay to " find her price " and pay her . Jay admits that he 's broke and Marie suggests that they sell the diamonds . Jay agrees . Later , Elena goes to Marie 's house , where she meets Marie and Chad , and the three of them make love , having all been working together to get Jay to give up the diamonds . The next day , in court , Elena says that Jay did n't just rape her but also threatened to kill her if she told anyone . However , Kristen now believes Elena is lying Kristen and detective Morrison search Elena 's trailer and find she has been gathering information about Kristen 's rape . However , Chad begins acting nervous , and gets Marie to let him see the diamonds before drugging her and stealing them . The girls chase him into the woods , where Marie finally catches him and kills him with a tire iron . Marie goes to meet the buyer that Chad set up and learns that the diamonds are fake , while Elena stays in the woods , where she is caught by Richards and the detective . They give her a task : get Marie to admit she killed Chad , and the charges against Elena will be lessened . However , Elena is unsuccessful . The girls go to get the diamonds , and Elena pulls a gun and flees with the diamonds . Richards goes in , and shoots Marie in the chest , killing her . At the end of the film , it is revealed that Kristen and Elena are actually mother and daughter and that Jay was the man that raped Richards in 1988 and that Elena is the daughter , born of that rape . During the credits , scenes are shown explaining how they managed to pull all of this off .
Thorndike positive - ; Thorndike negative he ; Thorndike positive Jerry ; he neutral - <$> On July 29 , 1939 , renowned British big game hunter Captain Alan Thorndike slips through the forest undetected near the Berghof , Adolf Hitler 's residence near Berchtesgaden . Getting the dictator in his telescopic sight , he pulls the trigger on his unloaded rifle and gives a wave . He ponders a moment , then loads a live round , but is discovered at the last second by a guard , and the shot goes wild . After being beaten up , Thorndike is taken to Major Quive - Smith . Quive - Smith is also a devoted hunter and an admirer of Thorndike . Thorndike explains that it was a " sporting stalk " , not to kill , but just for the thrill of going after the biggest game of all . The Nazi half - believes him , but insists he sign a confession that he was in fact working for His Majesty 's government . When Thorndike refuses , he is tortured , but remains steadfast and warns of " questions being asked in high places " if he is killed , as his brother , Lord Risborough , is a very important diplomat . The phrase gives Quive - Smith the idea to have Thorndike thrown off a cliff to make his death look like an accident . Thorndike survives when his knapsack gets caught in a tree , breaking his fall . He eludes his German pursuers and reaches a port . He steals a rowboat , but is forced to abandon it hastily when a patrol boat comes near . He swims to a Danish ship about to sail for London . Vaner , the English cabin boy , helps Thorndike hide . The Germans find Thorndike 's coat and passport aboard the rowboat and search the nearby ship . Though they find nothing , they place agent Mr. Jones on board using Thorndike 's passport to continue looking even after the ship leaves the harbour . Jones is met by German agents in London . Thorndike , mistakenly believing he is now safe , casually debarks and is spotted . He manages to shake off his pursuers by ducking into the apartment of Jerry Stokes , a young woman . Jerry lends him money so he can reach his brother . When Lord Risborough tells his brother that the British government , continuing its pre-war policy of appeasement , would have to extradite him if he were found , Thorndike decides to hide in Africa . Jerry tries to refuse a large cash reward , leading Lady Risborough to assume that it is payment for other services , but Thorndike insists . He also buys her a new hatpin , as she had lost hers when they first met . She chooses a cheap chromium arrow and insists Thorndike present it to her . Thorndike likens it to her , saying both are " straight and shiny " . By this point , Jerry is in love . Quive - Smith arrives in London to join the hunt . When Thorndike calls on his solicitor , Saul Farnsworthy , the Nazis are once again on his trail . Chased into a London Underground station , Thorndike struggles with Jones , who is killed when he is thrown onto an electrified rail . Thorndike tells Jerry to have Lord Risborough send him a letter in three weeks time care of Lyme Regis Post Office . As in the novel , Thorndike hides in a cave . However , when he goes to pick up the letter , the postmistress seems alarmed and sends a girl on an errand . Thorndike grabs the letter and beats a hasty retreat . Back at his cave , he finds the letter is from Quive - Smith , who has followed him to his lair . Quive - Smith seals the only entrance and passes his quarry the confession and a pen through an air hole , threatening to leave him trapped inside . Quive - Smith also slides in Jerry 's beret with the arrow pin , informing Thorndike that she was thrown out a window to her death when she would not betray him . They only discovered Thorndike 's location through the address he had written down for her . Badgered by the Nazi , the grief - stricken Thorndike finally admits that he subconsciously intended to assassinate Hitler after all . He then agrees to sign the confession . Quive - Smith unblocks the entrance , but waits to shoot him as he crawls out . Thorndike however has other plans ; he uses his belt , a slat from his bed , and a stick to fabricate a bow , using Jerry 's pin as the tip of a makeshift arrow , and shoots the German through the air hole . When Thorndike emerges , Quive - Smith manages to wound him before dying . By the time he recovers , the war has started . Thorndike joins the R.A.F. as a Bomber Command crewman . On a mission over Germany , Thorndike unexpectedly parachutes into the Reich with his hunting rifle to finish what he had started .
Simon negative Terri ; Terri negative Paul ; Jay negative Terri ; Robin neutral Jay ; Robin positive Terri <$> Terri Fletcher is a teenager with a passion for singing and dreams of becoming a professional singer . Her father Simon , a second - generation restaurateur , disapproves of Terri 's plans , stating that being a singer may not be a worthwhile life choice . In reality , his opposition stems from resentment ; Simon turned down a similar scholarship to run his parents ' restaurant when they became ill ; he is intimidated by the thought of his daughter flourishing where he could n't bring himself to try . Terri is very close to her older brother Paul who fully supports her dream , despite what their dad says . One night , after being grounded , Terri & Paul sneak out of the house to attend a Three Days Grace concert . On the way back , they are in a car accident and Terri awakes in the hospital where she learns that Paul was killed and loses interest in her singing and on a music program she wanted to do for a scholarship of $ 10,000 . However , Terri 's mother , Frances , has a different opinion , knowing that Paul would have wanted Terri to attend the program and is able to convince her to go . Frances tells Simon that Terri plans to live with her aunt Nina in Palm DesertEbert , Roger . " Raise Your Voice " . Chicago Sun - Times for the summer and allows her daughter to travel to LA . Terri arrives in Los Angeles and weathers some difficult ordeals : her jacket is stolen , her cab driver is crabby , and when she arrives at the music school , the door is locked ; fellow student Jay ( [ [ Oliver James lets her in and Terri arrives safely . While at the program , Terri makes new friends and learns a great deal about music , but problems arise when she is plagued by memories of the car crash which took Paul 's life and finds it increasingly difficult to keep her participation in the program a secret from her father . Throughout the film , Terri develops a mutual fondness for Jay , but she faces competition from Robin Childers , who was involved with Jay the previous summer . Although Robin still harbors feelings for Jay , it is obvious that he does not reciprocate these feelings . Jay tries to get Robin to cease her efforts to keep him and Terri apart . On one occasion , she kisses him just as Terri walks in . Jay pushes Robin away , but Terri runs off in tears , ignoring Jay 's insistence that the kiss meant nothing . Later , finding him drunk , Terri and her roommate Denise take Jay elsewhere to sober up . When he does , Terri tells Jay the truth about her brother 's death ; he was killed by a drunk driver . Jay apologizes , and Terri agrees to finish the song they 've been working on for the scholarship contest . At home , Simon learns of Terri 's ruse and becomes furious . On the final day , Simon comes to the school and Terri finds him packing up her belongings ; he reams his daughter for disobeying and deceiving him , and for turning his own sister and wife against him . She begs him to let her finish what she started here and not let the summer go to waste . Ultimately , her father concedes . Terri and Jay then perform the song they wrote with Terri dedicating it to Paul . The scholarship prize is won by Denise , and Simon is proud of his daughter and her talents . Terri 's teachers hope to see her next year ; Simon replies that they just might . Over the end credits , Terri performs for her parents and Nina , with Jay cheering her on .
Yi positive Okwe ; Juliette neutral Okwe ; Juan negative Okwe ; Senay positive Okwe ; Senay negative Juan ; Juliette positive Juan ; her neutral Okwe <$> Okwe is a Nigerian man who drives a cab in London during the day and works at the front desk of a hotel at night — chewing khat to keep awake . Okwe was formerly a doctor in Nigeria . In London , he is pressed into giving medical treatment to other poor immigrants — including fellow cab drivers with venereal diseases . Okwe 's friend Guo Yi , an employee at a hospital mortuary , provides him with antibiotics under the table . A prostitute known as Juliette tells Okwe to check a room in which she was staying and he finds the toilet overflowing . While fishing out the blockage , he finds a human heart . The manager of the hotel , Juan , runs an illegal operation at the hotel wherein immigrants swap kidneys for forged passports . After learning of Okwe 's past as a doctor , Juan pressures him to join his operation as a surgeon , but Okwe refuses . Okwe shares an apartment with Senay , a Turkish woman who works as a maid in the same hotel . The two immigrants form a friendship , but their situation becomes complicated when immigration police begin to chase her and suspect that she is working against the terms of her status . Okwe moves out of Senay 's flat and Guo Yi illicitly lets Okwe have some space in the hospital mortuary for accommodation . Senay quits her job at the hotel and takes a job in a clothing sweatshop . However , after two days at her new job she has to hide from immigration police , who visit the sweatshop . Using this as blackmail , the sweatshop owner solicits sexual favours from her . In the second or third instance however , she bites his penis while administering oral sex and flees . She leaves her apartment and runs to Okwe , who hides her in the mortuary . In desperation , Senay then turns to Juan and agrees to exchange a kidney for a passport . As a " deal maker " , Juan takes her virginity as well , and later Juliette provides her with the morning - after pill . After learning of Senay 's plan , Okwe tells Juan that he will perform the operation to ensure her safety , but only if Juan provides them both with passports . However , Okwe and Senay drug Juan instead , surgically remove his kidney and sell it to Juan 's contact . The film ends with Senay and Okwe at Stansted Airport , where Okwe must return to his young daughter , Valerie , in Nigeria while Senay follows her dream to start a new life in New York City . Before they part , however , she gives him her cousin 's address in New York . In the closing scene , they mouth " I love you " to each other . Senay boards the plane to New York to begin life anew and Okwe calls Valerie to tell her that he is finally coming home .
Larry positive Linda ; Larry positive Mr. ; Mr. neutral Linda ; Anne negative Larry <$> Publisher Larry Fellowes believes the personal secretary / stenographer spends more time with the busy executive and makes more decisions than his wife , which creates a stronger bond between secretary and boss than that between husband and wife . He persuades author Kate Halsey to write a novel based on this premise with these points and promises of riches . When Larry 's secretary learns of his plans to marry Linda , the secretary has a nervous breakdown because she is in love with him herself . A new secretary , Anne Murdock , is hired while Larry is on his honeymoon . She is attractive , intelligent and efficient . Larry , a workaholic , begins to neglect his wife working with his secretary , and they both fall in love . Meanwhile , his wife is seeing another man named Mr. Jameson with whom she falls in love . Eventually , Larry kisses Anne while they are working together at his apartment , while Linda makes love with her young gigolo . Mr. Jameson gives her the key to his apartment and says goodnight . Linda returns to her husband and tells Larry that they should go to bed as it is very late . Anne watches as Larry goes to the bedroom with his wife and closes the door behind him . She is heartbroken and decides she will give him her resignation in the morning . Linda decides to divorce Larry . Both discuss this in a very civil fashion . Meanwhile Anne agrees to marry her long - time admirer Ted O'Hara after giving her resignation . On the final day of work , Anne 's sister Katherine Murdock manages to phone Larry and explain the real state of things , bringing about a happy ending .
François negative Valentin <$> The film begins with foundry worker François shooting and killing Valentin . François then locks himself in his room in a guest house at the top of many flights of stairs . He is soon besieged by the police , who fail in an attempt to shoot themselves into the room , as François barricades himself in . In a series of flashbacks punctuated by glimpses of the present , it is revealed that François had become involved with both the naive young floral shop worker Françoise , and the more experienced Clara , who until she met François had been the assistant in Valentin 's performing dog act . It becomes clear that the manipulative Valentin , an older man , had himself been involved with both women , and he becomes jealous of François . Finally Valentin confronts François in his room , bringing with him the gun with which François eventually shoots him . As we return to the present , François continues to chain - smoke nervously in his room . Françoise , having learned of his plight , has become delirious and is being tended to by Clara in her room at a nearby hotel . Then , two policemen climb over the roof of François 's building , preparing to throw tear gas grenades through the window of François 's room . Before they can do so , François , consumed with despair , shoots himself in the heart . The film ends with tear gas clouds filling the room around his lifeless body .
her positive Mickey <$> Mickey was apparently trying to fly an airplane to imitate Charles Lindbergh . After building his own airplane , he did a flight simulation to ensure that the plane is safe for flight but the flight failed , destroying the plane . Using a roadster and remains of his plane to create another plane , he asks Minnie to join him for its first flight after she presents him with a horseshoe for good luck . They take an out - of - control flight with exaggerated , impossible situations . An un-anthropomorphic cow briefly " rides " the aircraft . This is Clarabelle Cow making her first appearance , though the cow is actually an early , more " cowlike " predecessor of Clarabelle named Carolyn . Once Mickey regains control of the plane , he repeatedly tries to kiss Minnie . When she refuses , he uses force : he breaks her concentration and terrifies her by throwing her out of the airplane , catching her with the airplane , and he uses this to kiss her . Minnie then parachutes out of the plane using her bloomers . While distracted by her , Mickey loses control of the plane and eventually crashes into a tree . Minnie then lands , and Mickey laughs at her . Minnie then storms off , rebuffing him . Mickey then angrily throws the good luck horseshoe given to him by Minnie and it boomerangs around a tree , hitting him and ringing around his neck.www.weirdspace.dk
Rich positive Angel <$> { { rewrite section } } Angel gets out of prison only to get involved in the gun - running ring of his old friend , Rich . Rich and friends raid a club , killing Ali Tyrell , another arms dealer . Later the officer investigates and calls a meeting , but 2 ATF agents come disrupting but continues about mathematics teacher buying a Smith and Wesson firearm but his house gets robbed by a gangsta and later he kill someone with the same gun . He later decides to sell the gun back to the same shop without knowing the shop owner gives the firearms to Rich and his friends . Angel meets with Rich who helped him before to move guns . Afterwards Rich and his friends torture an arms dealer who lied to them . Rich meets a news reporter to talk about the gun business and she takes him to his house . The next day Angel meets the officer , and it 's shown that he was let out of prison to be a narc for them , with the seen being shown where he is in prison and it told that his wife was killed . The reporter goes to her wealthy boss , to sell advanced guns to Rich , but her boss gives a lecture saying he might be a thug selling guns and says this a family business which started of with Mexican drugs now to advanced guns but she says they could trust him . The next day they meet without knowing that Angel is against them and the police are seeing their every move . The boss introduces himself to Rich and gives his van full of guns to him . He calls one of his minions to give Rich one of the guns to examine . Rich immediately agrees to buy them and is just about to pay when the police attack . During the fight Rich gets shot . Angel rescues him , but when they are alone turns and points his gun at Rich , who realizes that Angel has been the rat all along . Angel tells him that the cocktail waitress that was killed was his wife . Rich laughs and tells Angel that he is just like him , a killer , and that everybody that Angel has killed was someone 's son or husband . As Angel breaks down , Rich pulls a gun , but Angel gets the shot off first . Rich lies on the ground , telling Angel to kill him , that nobody will miss him and that he 'll see him in Hell . As Angel is about to kill him , the agent shoots Angel . As time elapsed , we see Angel walking down a corridor with a sling on his arm , and he meets with his daughter . The agent is seen walking into his office and is questioned by reporters on how he feels about Rich 's plea bargain , and on the rumors that he has stepped down . The movie ends with Rich walking to his cell in handcuffs , and he looks up through the bars as the cell is opening .
Mafia negative Vitti ; Mafia neutral FBI ; Dominic positive Vitti ; Dominic negative FBI ; Sobel negative Vitti ; Primo negative Vitti ; Sobel negative Primo ; Sobel neutral FBI <$> In a voiceover , mob boss Paul Vitti narrates a brief history of the Mafia during 1957 : in the wake of Albert Anastasia 's death , the dispute over whether Vito Genovese , Carlo Gambino or Joe Bananas will ascend to mob supremacy results in the Apalachin Meeting in upstate New York . The meeting breaks up when it is raided by the FBI , and the Mafia does n't call a nationwide summit again until the present day . Vitti and his best friend Dominic are discussing the upcoming meeting at a restaurant . Dominic warns that the mafia is in deep trouble , due to the FBI 's unprecedented success in turning " made " mobsters into informants and putting bosses in prison , not to mention competition from incoming Chinese and Russian gangsters . As they exit the restaurant , Dominic warns Vitti to look out for Young Turk boss Primo Sindone . Vitti turns back to get a toothpick , which saves his life when gunmen drive past and gun down Dominic . Psychiatrist Ben Sobel is facing his own problems : his son from his first marriage keeps listening to his sessions , his patients are not challenging enough and his wedding , to Laura MacNamara in Miami , is coming soon . Sobel accidentally rear - ends a car belonging to Paul Vitti and the trunk pops open , but Jelly , one of Vitti 's henchmen , takes the blame because someone is bound and gagged in there . Sobel gives Jelly his business card in case he changes his mind about compensation . During a meeting with his friends , Vitti suffers a panic attack and privately tells Jelly that he needs to see a psychiatrist for " a friend " of his , but it has to be kept a secret . Jelly recommends Sobel . Vitti visits Sobel claiming his friend needs therapy . Sobel realises the friend is Vitti himself , but impresses Vitti enough to want to see him whenever necessary . Sobel leaves with his son for his wedding in Miami , but Vitti , Jelly and their men follow him . Vitti failed to perform while having sex with his girlfriend and blames Sobel 's " bad service " . Vitti explains he has been having a hard time and Sobel suggests the source of the problem might be stress . Vitti is impressed and makes Sobel his psychiatrist . The next day Vitti has another panic attack and requests to see Sobel . Vitti explains his bleak history with his father to Sobel , who thinks this might have something to do with Vitti 's problems . The wedding day arrives , but so does an assassin , sent by Primo to kill Vitti . The assassin kills one of Vitti 's friends , but is subdued by Vitti and Jelly , who throw him out of a window to his death just before Sobel can say " I do " . Sobel confronts Vitti and argues with him until he becomes angry . Sobel suggests he take his anger out on Primo , but in a calm way . Vitti phones Primo and attempts to forgive him , but ends up threatening to kill him . Sobel and his family return to New York , where they find a gigantic fountain in their garden and the FBI in their house . The FBI have monitored Vitti for the past few weeks and noticed Sobel with him . They request Sobel spy on Vitti but he initially refuses , until changing his mind when the FBI play a recorded tape of Vitti speaking with another mobster , in which Vitti reveals his intention to kill Sobel . Sobel wears a tape recorder in his next meeting with Vitti , but throws it away once he hears from Jimmy that Vitti 's father was murdered before his eyes when Vitti was still a child , at the very restaurant where they are having lunch . Sobel believes he might be able to help Vitti after all , but Vitti , informed that Sobel was working with the FBI , takes him to a secluded place to kill him . Sobel and Vitti get into another argument , and Vitti cries upon being reminded of his father 's murder , which he blames himself for . Assassins sent by Primo ambush them and a gunfight ensues . Primo 's men are killed by Jelly and Jimmy , and Vitti thanks Sobel for saving his life . The day of the meeting arrives , but Vitti has another crisis , rendering him unable to attend . Jelly interrupts Sobel 's wedding , requesting Sobel attend the meeting as Vitti 's consigliere . Sobel is terrified , but his self - confidence builds and he cheeks Primo to the point that Primo pulls a gun on him . Vitti arrives , ordering Primo to stand down and announces he knows a traitor in his own family killed Dominic , but will not seek revenge and instead retire from the mafia . Once outside , another gun battle ensues between Vitti and Primo 's men , during which Sobel inadvertently takes a bullet to the shoulder whilst protecting Vitti . The FBI intervenes and the mobsters are arrested while Sobel is taken to hospital . Sobel visits Vitti in Sing Sing prison and Vitti thanks Sobel for all the help he has given him . The film ends with Sobel dancing with his newly - wed wife to Tony Bennett songs at their house , which are played live by Bennett as a favor from Vitti .
CIA positive Fay ; Henry negative Fay <$> Seven years after the events of Henry Fool , Fay Grim is coerced by a CIA agent to try to locate ' the confession novel ' notebooks that belonged to her fugitive husband whom he believes to be deceased . Fay is launched into a world of espionage as she travels to Paris to retrieve some of the journals , each having mysteriously appeared in the hands of the most unlikely of people . Simon Grim , Fay 's brother and nobel - prize winning poet because of Henry , remains home with his sister 's son , the CIA and his publisher . Even in death it seems Henry is a force of nature causing life changing ructions in the lives of those he has touched . Fay is surrounded by competing agents all vying for her help in retrieving notebooks as she and Simon start getting clues to what the publishable nonsense of The Confession is really all about and why the CIA believe they contain information that could compromise U.S. security . A former air - hostess befriends Fay and reveals she was similarly touched by Henry 's chaotic influence and aid her in her efforts . Fay 's whirlwind culminates in a meeting with a notorious terrorist and friend of Henry in a tense meeting where she has to make the biggest decision of her life .
John negative Dylan ; John negative Norman ; Dylan negative Jack ; Dylan negative Norman ; John negative Jack ; Jack negative Norman ; Dexter neutral John <$> { { Plot } } Jack Leary , his younger brother Dylan , and father John start over in Oakland , California in 1972 , following the death of the boys ' mother . John , who hosted a children 's program back in Syracuse , now hosts the local late - night show Midnight Shriek , entertaining the audience during horror films as " Al Gory . " He is devoted to his two sons , though his drinking problem disrupts the smooth running of the household , as some of his parental duties fall to Jack , who also rebels against his father 's off - beat personality . One of the Learys ' neighbors , a young man named Norman Strick who walks with a cane due to a twisted leg , shows up at their home one Halloween evening , seeking a donation for a racially - prejudiced candidate . John refuses , and shuts the door in Norman 's face . Obviously bothered that Norman lives across the street , John gets drunk , and his performance on his TV show mimics the racially - charged beliefs of his neo-Nazi neighbor . He is subsequently asked to take time off from his show . The morning after John 's performance , Jack finds Norman 's dog , Cheyenne , dead on their front lawn . Jack encourages John to talk to Norman about it , and though John apologizes for his actions on television and insists he did not poison Cheyenne , Norman refuses to shake John 's hand . Jack has a young love affair with Karen Morris , but after his father 's disastrous performance on television , she breaks up with him . Jack 's world begins to tear apart , and the pressure of filling in for his father begins to take its toll . He begins to take out his anger on Dylan , is seen taking a drink just like his father , and he begins to curse when angry . Dylan disappears and next - door neighbor Dexter claims Norman kidnapped him . Jack calls the police and he and John are extremely worried until Dylan is found in a nearby forest . While Norman did not physically hurt him , being abandoned in the woods for so long has left Dylan traumitized and appears left unable to speak from it . Norman has vanished , and days later , Dylan still has not spoken . During a visit from his disapproving in - laws , John takes out his frustration by going to the Strick home with a bat . Norman is not there , and after John briefly terrorizes the man 's parents , John destroys Norman 's beloved T - Bird with the bat . John , fearful of his current state , lets his in - laws take the boys to their Los Angeles home . Jack decides that he can not handle the parenting methods of his grandfather , and sneaks back to Oakland . John , meanwhile , decides to try and give up drinking and spends the day trying to get his job back . Jack arrives home , while he 's still out , and falls asleep to the TV . John arrives home and shortly after , Jack is awoken by the electricity going off . We see someone walking with a cane , indicating that Norman has gained entry to the home . Jack knows there is an intruder , and he accidentally knocks John out with a bat . Norman says " Home run , Jack " , and chases Jack upstairs and out the bathroom window . Jack jumps for a branch in a nearby tree , and Norman pursues him . John has recovered , and yells from the window , warning the neo-Nazi to stay away from his son . Jack screams for his father . As Norman crawls toward him , Jack watches in horror as the man falls into his neighbor 's yard and is attacked and killed by the neighbor 's Doberman Pinschers . Soon after , Norman 's parents move away and Dylan returns home . John gets his job back , but shows more comical horror films , like Abbott and Costello . One afternoon , the neighborhood children all appear and ask if John will play a monster game with them . However , after his experiences with Norman , he tells the children he wo n't play monster game anymore . When they ask him why , John sees Dexter . Dexter , who has a something of a side story in the movie and comes from a broken home with his grandparents , has now strayed from his friends after he had become acquainted with Norman . As John watches Dexter smoking a cigarette , realizing he 's going down a dark path . John looks to the children that there are real monsters out there , but he promises to play another better game with them . In the end scene , Jack is playing his mother 's favorite song at the piano and asks his still mute brother what it was . He does n't appear to remember . Jack , then breaks down crying and tells John that " Nothing is all right . " " Then we 're going to make it all right . " John answers , adding " Daddy 's here " as he and his son embrace having reached their point . Dylan , then , comes over and answers " Jack the Bear . " All three embrace emotionally . The final scene fades as John watches his sons playing in the front yard .
Collette negative Nicole ; Gigot positive Collette ; Gigot negative Nicole <$> Gigot is a mute Frenchman living in a cellar in the Ménilmontant district of Paris in the 1920s . He ekes out a hand - to - mouth existence as a lowly janitor at his landlady 's apartment building . He is routinely treated with condescension by most of his neighbors and often is made the butt of practical jokes . However , he is a most decent and kindhearted fellow , traits not unnoticed by children and the local animals he often feeds . He is accepting of his humble existence , but has one unusual predilection : he is attracted by funeral processions , and finds himself attending , whether or not he ever knew the departed . He marches straight through to the grave site and ca n't help but cry along with all the other mourners . One evening after being extraordinarily abused by some locals at a nearby pub , he is meandering toward home in the rain . He chances upon a weakened and fearful street urchin Collette and her 6 - yr old daughter Nicole , huddled in a doorway trying to stay dry . Unaware and uncaring as to whom or what he might have encountered , he takes them to his dingy basement abode where he dries and warms them , gives them what food and drink he has , a bed to sleep in , and shelter from the rain . Collette is suspicious of Gigot but so exhausted and ill , she reluctantly and in - graciously accepts what she senses are likely his innocent tidings . Nicole , now rested and with the vitality of youth , begins to warm to him while mother convalesces . Gigot gleefully dotes upon Nicole . They happen upon a local church where Gigot is astonished to discover she is ignorant of what a church is , and completely unaware of God . Nicole points to the altar crucifix and asks Gigot who that is upon it ? The mute attempts to act out the story of Christ beginning with Mary cradling the baby Jesus , from childhood through to the horror of crucifixion . In a most poignant scene , Gigot rails at this Christ who has seemingly left him so inadequate to the job of explaining all to Nicole . Nicole protests his impulsive fit of anger at the God she has just found through Gigot 's hand , and his self - incriminations . She cries a single tear for him , then blows a reassuring kiss of love to the Christ upon the Cross . Gigot entertains the little girl by dancing for her to his old Victrola , and by dressing as a waiter to feed his pet mouse , to her exteme delight . He is very protective of Nicole , once running alongside her on a merry - go - round to make sure she did n't fall off and in the process creating a public scene . It is the same protectiveness that leads him to attempt to intervene to protect Collette 's honor while she is in the act of soliciting a john on a park bench near the merry - go - round . Gigot is trounced by the frustrated man and a friend for his trouble . Furious over his interference with her ' activities ' , Collette threatens to bolt with Nicole unless Gigot can make good on her demand that he provide her a life with a ' man of means ' . With only an hour to prove himself before she leaves , Gigot , on the hunt , is tempted by a singular opportunity as he happens past his local bakery . The baker and his wife have been called away , thus leaving their till unattended . Gigot , though guilt ridden , seizes the opportunity and steals their money anyway . With those ill - gotten gains all three go on a shopping spree , buying much - needed new clothes for Collette and Nicole , and for Gigot a straw boater and a shave . Later , he buys a grand meal and drinks for all at the local restaurant to the amazement of the locals . But the good times are not to last — Collette 's ex-boyfriend decides he wants her back immediately , and Collette succumbs . She wants to take Nicole along , but her pimp persuades her to wait until morning to retrieve her , so they could share a single night together , alone . The next morning two bumbling bureaucrats previously called in by one of Gigot 's snooty neighbors , have come to try to remove Gigot to a home for the feeble - minded . Meanwhile , the baker has discovered the theft , and when Collette returns she finds Gigot and Nicole are now missing . Soon Gigot becomes suspect , but he and Nicole are only waxing at their secret abandoned basement chamber below the streets of Paris , listening to his old Victrola while Gigot dances for her . Dancing with so much gusto that the roof timbers fall in , Gigot and Nicole are nearly buried in rubble , but are actually only slightly hurt , although Nicole is at the moment unconscious . Frightened and thinking she is dead , Gigot rushes the girl to the church where the parish priest calls in a doctor . The priest wanting to know what happened , causes Gigot to rush back to retrieve his Victrola to help explain their actions before the cave - in . Gigot runs straight into the angry mob which is looking for them . Panicked , Gigot runs right into an old industrial coal barge loader and is washed into the river and overrun by a tug ; he fails to resurface . Thinking him dead , once they recognize the truth , the locals are despondent over their despicable actions . In remorse they decide to organise a funeral for Gigot though all they have from the river is his chapeau to bury . It is obvious to all what it is they wish to bury . However , having survived , Gigot is merely hiding . Unknowingly , he witnesses his own funeral procession and as usual is compelled to join it . When the time comes for the eulogy , he realizes it is he himself for whom they are holding the service . Upon the conclusion of the burial Gigot is spotted by the crowd and the screwball chase begins again .
Usha negative he ; he positive Ramesh <$> Gopal is a skiing champion . He meets Usha on his holidays at Jammu and Kashmir with the fake name Sarju . Then they both fall in love . One day , Usha tells Gopal that she does not like the disabled . According to her instead of living a life of disabled , it is better to die . After spending his holidays in Kashmir and promising Usha that he will marry her , he heads back to Delhi , where his parents and a sister , Sarla , live . Along the way , he loses his a leg in a car accident . Gopal becomes worried . Since he remembers the words of Usha , he tries to avoid her to go away from her life . He thinks Usha will not accept him as he is now disabled . Then he goes back to Delhi and he does not tell anything about Usha . In the meantime , Usha tries a lot to find him , but after having no sign of him , she begins to think that Gopal is in some trouble and hence unable to contact her . Gopal 's best friend , Ramesh , unknown about his friend 's love story , wants to marry Usha . After saying " no " several times , at Usha 's father accepts on her behalf and Usha dutifully agrees to the marriage as well . But on the day of her wedding , one miracle happens in the form of Kashmir Houseboat owner Mangloo and initially Ramesh and then Usha find out that Gopal and Sarju are not two persons , but one . Then this situation forms the climax of the movie .
Travis neutral his ; Beck negative Travis ; Hatcher positive Travis ; Hatcher negative Beck ; Beck negative Mariana ; Travis positive Mariana ; Beck positive his <$> Beck is a " retrieval expert " , a bounty hunter , and after capturing a man in a club brawl wishes to get out of the business . He tells his boss , Walker that he wants out , and his boss gives him one last job , head down to South America and get his son Travis . When Beck arrives in the town El Dorado he meets Travis in the local bar . Travis does n't want to go home , as he is close to discovering the " El Gato de Diablo " . Beck does n't care , handcuffs him and begins to leave . They run into Hatcher while leaving . Hatcher rules the town with an iron fist , forcing all the townsfolk to work for him for pennies as there is no other work in the area . Hatcher wants the Gato , as it could be worth a lot of money , and tries to take Travis . Beck easily defeats Hatcher 's goons and begins to head back to the airfield . Travis forces the jeep off the road and the two are thrown down a mountain . Travis attempts to escape while Beck is disoriented , but he easily catches him and the two begin walking to the airfield . After an encounter with some local animals , the two run into the local resistance . At the resistance encampment , Travis convinces the Rebels that Beck works for Hatcher and was sent to kill them all . After a prolonged fight , with Beck eventually gaining the upper hand , the rebel leader Mariana ends the fight . She wants Travis , as the Gato can be used to ensure the locals can free themselves from Hatcher . Hatcher suddenly attacks the camp , killing many rebels . Beck agrees the help Travis and Mariana find the Gato , in exchange for taking Travis home . After some searching , Travis leads them to a cave behind a waterfall . The cave is booby trapped and this causes a cave in . The group move quickly and Travis grabs the Gato as they all flee the collapsing cave . As the three are celebrating finding the Gato , Mariana chastises Travis as she knows all he wanted to do was sell the artifact , Travis argues back that he actually did want to give it to a museum . Mariana gives the two men Konlobos , a toxic fruit that paralyzes the eater . As she tells Beck which direction the airfield is , she leaves them with the fire to keep the animals away . After waking up able to move , Beck hauls Travis to the airfield . The local pilot tells Beck that Mariana was captured earlier by Hatcher , and will probably be killed . Travis pleads Beck to help , and the two head into town to rescue her . Using a cow stampede for cover , the two begin their assault on Hatcher 's goons . Travis becomes trapped by gunfire in a bus , leading to Beck resorting to firearms , something he had previously said he is against , revealing he is a expert marksmen and easily dispatches many of Hatchers men . Hatcher tells his main guard to take Mariana and the Gato and flee , but they are stopped by Travis , who takes the Gato and leaves . Hatcher confronts Beck , but Beck grabs a gun and shoots Hatcher 's from his hand . Hatcher is then confronted by the townspeople , and is shot and killed as he tries to leave . Travis reveals he did n't leave , gives the Gato to Mariana and the two of them leave as the villagers celebrate . Back in the U.S. , Travis is delivered to his dad , who begins to verbally and physically abuse him . Beck comes in and asks to celebrate and gives Walker and his men Konlobos . As they are paralyzed , Beck and Travis leave , with Travis beginning to immediately annoy Beck .
Danny positive Joy ; Nick neutral Danny ; Danny positive Mike <$> Hot - tempered singer Danny Wilson and easy - going pianist pal Mike Ryan get acquainted with Joy Carroll , also a singer . Danny slugs a cop and is thrown in jail , but Joy arranges his bail and a job at mobster Nick Driscoll 's club . Danny 's got double trouble because Nick not only demands 50 percent of all earnings , past and future , he jealously loves Joy as well . The cops are keeping an eye on Nick because he 's a suspect in a murder . Joy comes to realize in time that Mike is the one she truly loves . Mike is reluctant to steal his best friend 's girl , and Danny brashly announces his engagement to Joy without first consulting her . Danny catches her with Mike , gets drunk and punches Nick , who pulls a gun . Mike intercepts the bullet meant for his friend . Cops follow Danny to a park where he intends to get even with Nick . At the last second , the police save him . Danny comes to accept the romance of Joy and Mike , and they happily come to see him at his next big engagement on stage .
Oscar positive Carver ; Oscar positive Penny ; Wally neutral Carver ; Carver positive Penny <$> The film opens with a man named Dr. Carver trying to generate a super Gnome Warrior , but it disintegrates . It then turns to Penny Proud , who is celebrating her 16th birthday , and fails her driver 's ed . She and her friends are excited to be a part of 15 Cent 's dance group , Spare Change . When 15 Cent drives her home , Oscar Proud , her overprotective father , gets mad when he finds them kissing . After Oscar grounds her , Penny resents him as her father . Oscar creates a everlasting multiplying formula that was supposed to make his Proud Snacks tastier , but it instead causes the snack to expand and explode . As he is hauled away from his presentation , he proclaims that his formula has no expiration date . Dr. Carver , the great - great - grandson of George Washington Carver , overhears Oscar 's ranting . Carver has been trying to create an army of humanoid peanut warriors , but has never gotten his formula stabilized and plots to get Oscar 's . Disguising himself , Carver invites the Proud family to Legume Island . Trudy forces Oscar , Sugar Mama , and Penny to go in hopes they will re-bond . The Prouds meet the inhabitants of the island , short peanut creatures called the Genomes . Carver tries to negotiate obtaining the formula from Oscar . When Oscar refuses , Carver reveals the evil peanut clones of his family from DNA snatched from them while they were partying . Oscar runs away and tries explaining to his family , but they do n't believe him . The clones get a mix - up when the real Penny comes with them back to the mainland to search for the formula ; Penny 's clone remains with the original family . Penny soon enjoy the free life which the clones allowed her , but tires of it very quickly . She also discovers that Cashew , a Genome she befriended earlier on the island , had stowed away ; he wanted to see what it was like to have a ' real family . He also reveals to her the true nature of the clones . At that moment , Wally leads the Prouds and the Penny clone on a perilous journey to the other side of the island , where he claims there is someone who can answer their questions . Along the way , the Penny clone proves to be the kind of daughter Oscar desires – obedient . When they meet the person Wally wanted them to meet , he turns out to be the real Dr. Carver . Dr. Carver explains that he created a clone of himself out of a peanut . Unfortunately , the clone went sizzling crisp in the sun one day and turned to evil . Donning a disguise of his original form , the clone took over the island and the Genomes and began using Carver 's peanut research for evil . Oscar realizes his formula is the key and tells the family he had left it in a locket for Penny 's birthday , which she opened back home . Her clone informs the other clones , who take the formula . Penny and Cashew gather her friends to go back to Lagoom Island and rescue their family . They steal 15 Cent 's yacht to get there , but Penny accidentally sinks it . Unfortunately , the Carver clone has already prepared to leave to take over the world with his Supergenomes . The clones attack Penny and her friends and family , but she convinces the Oscar clone to help - by bribing him with hot dogs , which he had become obsessed with earlier in the film - and he defeats the rest of the clones . Seeing the Carver clone making his getaway , the original Dr. Carver reveals a possible solution - a container of gas that could instantly turn solid peanuts into peanut butter . Penny takes the gas , boards the clone 's airship , and battles him with help from Oscar , who para-sails up using one of Sugar Mama 's giant underwear . Just as Penny is on the verge of releasing the gas , Dr. Carver offers her to join him and live a free life , without rules or responsibilities . However , Penny retorts that , even though they are n't the perfect one , her family is who she cares about and unleashes the gas , foiling the clone 's plot and destroying the army . The clone , having only been hit slightly by the gas , turns back into a peanut and falls into the ocean . Oscar then gives Penny her birthday necklace , stating that he now knows she 's mature enough that she is ready to make her own decisions . Penny and Oscar make up on national TV . 15 Cent has Penny and her friends sing instead of acting as his back - up dancers and the crowd loves them . On Legume Island , the real Carver and his peanut people along with the proud clones listen as a radio announcer says that Penny and her friends song has been popular for five weeks in a row . In an extended ending , the scene fast - forwards three days later where Cashew is now part of the Proud Family , Penny is receiving her driver 's license and , unfortunately , she helps Oscar by driving through town advertising his new drink Pork - Nut - o - Rade , but Puff drank it back home earlier , turning him into a monster . He chases them around the world up to China , until Suga Mama , who also drank the concoction , takes him home .
Michele positive Irene <$> Irene and George Girard are a wealthy couple living in post-war Rome with their son Michele . During a dinner party , Michele constantly tries to get his mother 's attention , but Irene is more interested in being a good hostess to her guests than being an attentive mother . As a result , Michele attempts suicide by falling through a stairwell several stories , fracturing his hip . At the hospital , Irene promises to never leave Michele and to be more attentive , but he dies soon after from a blood clot . Irene is bedridden for 10 days , before enlisting the help of Andrea Casatti to help her overcome her grief . Being a Communist , he takes her to the poorer parts of Rome and leads her into donating her time and money to help people there . While there , she gives the money for a boy 's medical treatment , helps a woman with six children to find a job at a factory , and cares for a woman who is dying of tuberculosis . As a result of helping these people , she spends less and less time at home . Her husband comes to the conclusion that she is having an affair with Andrea , which causes her to leave him . In addition , she is picked up by the police after helping a boy who had committed a theft evade arrest . While in custody , the husband and the authorities decide to put her in a mental institution . At the end of the film , she is up for review on whether she would stay there permanently with the result being that her philosophy of helping people was dangerous for the fragile post-war society . Therefore , she becomes a permanent member of the institution .
Stoner neutral Emily ; Luke negative Sarah ; Stephen negative Sarah ; Gary negative Stoner ; Sarah negative Charlie ; McRae negative Charlie ; Sarah negative Emily ; Luke neutral Gary ; Luke negative Doug <$> After spending a few years in Los Angeles , Sarah Tyler returns to her home in England . She arrives to find her brothers having a party in the barn , among which are Stephen Moore , his girlfriend Emily , Charlie Moore , Gary Ashby , Doug Walker , their youngest brother Luke Moore and their dog , Stoner . Luke tells Sarah about their parents ' arguments over bills , and their mother 's supposed love affair . When Sarah inquires about this , Stephen reveals that her stepfather has accused her mother of having an affair with a man to whom she is paying large sums of money . The brewing storm outside causes a power outage . The group notice blood at the top of the stairs . Gary leaves the group to look for candles ; meanwhile the group sees that the blood is coming from their father 's room . They find his lifeless body , which appears to have been attacked by some wild animal . At the same time , Gary discovers Stoner 's bloody remains . The group encounters a beast - like creature and narrowly escape . When Gary calls to them , it catches and kills him . The group flees to the bathroom , and Sarah discovers a passageway leading up to the attic . Momentarily safe , the group contemplate their situation . Emily sees a pathway leading to another room , and the group decides that Sarah shall go down and distract the beast while Charlie goes to call for help on their father 's phone . While Sarah distracts the monster , Charlie contacts the police . However , the beast kills and devours him . When Sarah witnesses this , the monster pursues her , and manages to bite her leg . On the other side of town , McRae , a trained dog - catcher , is picked up by police officer May , who believes the call is a hoax , on the way to investigate Charlie 's call . Back in the attic , as Doug tends to Sarah 's leg , Stephen and Emily discover another passageway into a room containing a shotgun . Armed with a stake , Sarah makes her way down and injures the beast before it attacks Emily . She attempts to kill the beast with the gun , but accidentally shoots herself . McRae and May find an abandoned car in the middle of the road , and upon discovering several evidences , conclude that Charlie 's call might not have been a hoax . Luke returns to the house , unaware of what 's happening . He finds Gary 's body and is soon pursued by the beast . After falling through the ceiling , Sarah takes Luke and the remaining survivors to the roof . McRae and May arrive but are both slain by the beast . Sarah reaches their vehicle and takes the handbag inside , which she realizes is her mother 's . At the barn , Stephen tries to fix the Jeep , which he had tampered with to prevent their mother from seeing her lover . Sarah blames Stephen for the possible death of her mother , and they get into a fight . He then runs out of the barn and is attacked by the beast , while Sarah begins to transform into one as well . Luke and Doug return to the house and hide from the beast . A beast - like Sarah attacks and fights with the other beast . Doug , trying to shoot at the beast , is killed by Sarah ; Luke runs back to the car . In the morning , Sarah is human again , and it is revealed that the other beast is their mother who had left to go somewhere where she could not hurt anyone , not to have a love affair . Sarah and Luke leave to go somewhere safe , while it is revealed that Gary is still alive .
Naina positive Kalyan <$> Naina is a chivalrous girl . She comes across Kalyan , a typical boy , who always looks for a kick in everything . He doesn " t want to happen something as it is and he looks for a kick for achieving something . He could not work in any particular job for long as he feels that the kick is missing after working for some months or days . Naina 's sister tells her that she is in love with Kalyan . As Naina knows very well about Kalyan , she tries to spoil the alliance and Kalyan falls in love with Naina . However , neither Kalyan nor Naina admits that they are in love with the other and both of them pretend that one hates another but they have liking against each other . Once , Naina tells Kalyan that she likes him and they become good friends . Following Naina 's suggestion to settle in one job , Kalyan tells her that she is working in a software firm , though he resigns it . One fine day , Naina comes to know that Kalyan is lying . This irks Naina and she chides him like anything . She tells Kalyan that she loves him and at the same time hates him . After this episode , Naina leaves for Malaysia , where her parents are staying . One day , Naina 's father brings an alliance , and the boy Kalyan Krishna is a sincere police officer in India . Naina 's father arranges the encounter in a local train and Naina reveals all her friendship and love story with Kalyan , and the latter gets very impressed and agrees to marry her . In fact , Kalyan Krishna reaches Malaysia in search of a thief , who robbed bigwigs worth crores of rupees . Kalyan Krishna realizes that the thief is very intelligent and is doing everything in a planned manner . Kalyan Krishna learns that Kalyan reached Malaysia with the hint given by the latter . After reaching Malaysia , Kalyan calls Kalyan Krishna and challenges him that he is going to rob huge money , which is in fact unaccounted and is being invested in a foreign firm . After robbing that money , again he challenges that he is going to rob huge party fund , which is about to be circulated during elections and successfully completes the same . At this juncture , Kalyan 's father reveals the flashback to Naina that his son is doing all those robberies to help hapless children , who are suffering from diseases , which need lakhs of rupees for surgeries and are left by their parents in an orphanage . In the climax , there is another twist that the defense minister appoints Kalyan in place of Kalyan Krishna to nab the thief . By that time , Kalyan completes his mission and helps several destitute children and re unites with Naina .
Tyrone positive Moses <$> The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh tells the story of a struggling professional basketball team , the Pittsburgh Pythons , whose continuous losing streak and lack of talent has made them the laughing stock of Pittsburgh . Several players ask to be transferred to other teams , partly due to the bad publicity and the presence of the difficult but highly paid star player , Moses Guthrie . Believing that the team needs a miracle , ballboy / waterboy Tyrone Millman turns to astrology to improve the team 's fortunes . He brings his idea to astrologer Mona Mondieu , and they come up with the perfect concept : a team composed entirely of players born under the astrological sign of Pisces , the star sign of Moses Guthrie . The team is reborn as the " Pittsburgh Pisces " . Although Moses and Tyrone 's sister think that Tyrone 's idea is absurd , they ultimately embrace the concept . The plan succeeds wildly due to the new team 's eccentric skills , teamwork , and Mona 's astrological readings , culminating in a championship opportunity .
Paula positive her <$> Bettie Page is an ambitious , naïve , and devout young Christian woman who longs to leave Nashville , Tennessee following a childhood of sexual abuse , a failed wartime marriage , and a gang rape . In 1949 , she departs for New York City , where she enrolls in an acting class . Amateur photographer Jerry Tibbs discovers her walking on the beach at Coney Island and she agrees to model for him . He suggests she restyle her hair with the bangs that would become her trademark . Bettie becomes a favorite of nature photographers , and she has no hesitation about removing her clothes for the photographers when asked . Before long images of the shapely brunette reach brother - and - sister entrepreneurs Paula and Irving Klaw , who run a respectable business selling movie stills and memorabilia but also deal with fetish photos , magazines , and 8 - and 16 - millimeter films for additional income . Their top model Maxie takes Bettie under her wing , and she soon finds herself wearing leather corsets and thigh - high boots while wielding whips and chains for photographer John Willie , frequently at the request of Little John , a mild - mannered attorney with unusual tastes . Bettie is innocently unaware of the sexual nature of the images that rapidly are making her a star in the underground world of bondage aficionados . Bettie is called to testify before a 1955 hearing , headed by Senator Estes Kefauver , investigating the effects of pornography on American youth . Though she waits patiently for 12 hours to answer the committee 's questions , Kefauver decides to not bring her before the committee and dismisses her without an explanation . When it becomes apparent that casting directors are more interested in her notoriety than in any acting talent she might possess , Bettie heads to Miami Beach . Drifting along with limited career prospects and a virtually nonexistent social life , she stumbles upon a small church , walks inside and embraces Jesus Christ during a religious service . Although she insists she 's not ashamed of anything she has done in her life , she appears happy to leave her past behind and return to her spiritual roots by preaching the word of the Lord on street corners . Back in New York , Irving is stressed out and suffering from ill - health . He decides that he and his sister must burn their vast collection of erotic photos , and movie footage in order to avoid potential prosecution . Paula reluctantly complies with her brother 's request , but secretly saves the negatives of many of Bettie 's pictures and movies from the bonfire , therefore ensuring that Bettie 's work will survive for future generations .
Zouzou negative Jean <$> As children , Zouzou and Jean are paired in a traveling circus as twins : she 's dark , he 's light . After they 've grown , he treats her as if she were his sister , but she 's in love with him . In Paris , he 's a music hall electrician , she 's a laundress who delivers clean underwear to the hall . She introduces him to Claire , her friend at work , and the couple fall in love . Jean conspires to get the show 's star out of town and for the theater manager to see the high - spirited Zouzou perform . When Jean 's accused of murder and Zouzou needs money to mount his defense , she pleads to go on stage . Her talents may save the show , but can anything save her dream of life with Jean ?
his negative Casey <$> In Seattle , straight - laced Matt Leland falls in love with Casey Roberts , the new girl at their high school who is from Chicago . They begin a sexual relationship . His father disapproves of this and her parents try to stop the young couple from continuing to see each other . She deliberately sets off the fire alarm at school , knowing that there is no fire there , and is subsequently suspended from school . She has an argument with her parents when they tell her they are sending her to a boarding school . She takes an overdose and her parents subsequently arrange to have her committed . He helps her escape from an acute psychiatric ward , and as they run away they both deal with her borderline personality disorder . Casey is eccentric in nature . Her impulsiveness and extreme risk - taking attitude and behavior is attributed to her illness , in which she experiences severe highs and lows of emotion . Her frequent intense feelings , of passion towards Matt and of fear and destructiveness , dominate her persona . Throughout the relationship , Matt selflessly puts her needs before his . The severity of this increases as her mental state worsens . Heading toward Mexico in his SUV , Casey becomes increasingly reckless and over-emotional . They crash and abandon the vehicle . They hitchhike , accepting a lift from a salesman . He puts his hand on her crotch , she puts her lit cigarette against his face . He throws her out and a fight ensues between him and Matt . The couple steal his car and continue their journey . She becomes more distressed and he does his best to help her . He becomes scared , and after she threatens suicide , and also threatens to kill him , with a gun she took from the glove compartment in the salesman 's car , they return to Seattle and their families , where she is readmitted to the psychiatric hospital . He goes home and much later receives a letter from her telling him she has moved back to Chicago and now feels significantly better . She says she has good memories of their time together .
Kate negative Steve ; Naomi negative Mick <$> Kate , Steve , Mick , and Jenn Jones move into a high income suburb under the pretense of being a typical family relocating due to the changing nature of Kate and Steve 's careers . In reality , Kate is the leader of a team of stealth marketers , professional salespeople who disguise product placement as a daily routine . Their clothing , accessories , furniture , and even food are carefully planned and stocked by various companies to create visibility in a desirable consumer market . While Kate 's team is highly effective , Steve is new to the team , Jenn is a closet nymphomaniac with a penchant for hitting on her fake fathers , and a 30 - day review is fast approaching . The team quickly ingratiates itself into the community , slowly shifting from displaying products to recommending them . Soon , local stores and businesses are stocking products based on the Joneses ' trend - setting styles . However , at the end of the 30 - day review , Steve discovers that he has the lowest sales numbers of the team , and Kate 's job is endangered unless he can get his numbers up before the next review in 60 days . Eventually , Steve begins to find a sales tactic that works by playing on the fears of his neighbors and sympathizing with their dull , repetitive , unfulfilled careers . As someone who is frustrated with his job and disconnected from his fake " family , " Steve turned to their products to keep himself entertained . When he recognizes this same pattern in his neighbors , his sales begin to steadily increase as he starts pitching products as the solution for suburban boredom and generating product " buzz " through unwitting ropers . The team 's dynamics become more complicated when Kate applies herself to the technique as well . Realizing that they can boost sales by perfecting their fake family dynamic to sell the image of a lifestyle , the lines between acting and reality start to break down . Things also get more complicated when Mick finds himself growing closer to an unpopular girl at the high school , Naomi , in whom he can confide , while Jenn 's flirtation with Alex Bayner raises the suspicions of the neighbors . The team 's cover is almost blown at several times during the job : once when an old acquaintance of Steve 's recognizes him at a restaurant , again when Jenn 's indiscretions nearly expose her real age , and after a party where Mick markets alcohol to minors . Eventually , each member of the team finds that the constant pretense slowly erodes their individual desires . Jenn 's dreams of running away with a rich , older man come to a close when she realizes that she was being used by Alex . Mick has a crisis of conscience when Naomi gets into a car accident after drinking too much of a wine cooler that the family was marketing to teens . Worse , when he tries to reveal that he is homosexual to Naomi 's brother , he punches Mick in rage . After creating nearly record - breaking numbers , Steve is offered the chance to join an " icon " unit alone . He refuses , knowing that this is Kate 's dream and because he believes that the " family " can do it together . When Steve 's closest friend in the community , Larry , reveals that he 's going to lose his house because he 's overextended his credit , Steve tries again to see if Kate wants something more than a pretend marriage . She rebuffs him , and the next day Steve discovers to his horror that Larry has committed suicide over the debts . Grief - stricken , Steve confesses to the community about the real nature of his job . With their covers blown , the rest of the Joneses leave quickly and are reassigned to a new home . Steve refuses the offer to join an icon cell and tracks the family down to their new location . There , he reunites with Kate and tries one last time to convince her to leave . Though hesitant she follows him out of town and agrees to meet his family in Arizona .
Jefferson positive his <$> Set between 1910 and 1915 , the story follows Jack Jefferson ( James Earl Jones ; patterned after real life boxer [ [ Jack Johnson going on a hot streak of victories in the boxing ring as he defeats every white boxer around . Soon the press and other whites announce the search for a ' great white hope ' , a boxer who will defeat Jefferson for the Heavyweight title . Meanwhile , Jefferson prepares for a few more matches , but he lets his guard down by courting the beautiful Eleanor Bachman , and when everyone , including Jack 's black ' wife ' , discover this , the tensions grow to fever pitch . Jack 's close black friends become scared over his pushing the envelope of success and the white authorities conspire to nail him with unlawful sexual relations with Eleanor and taking away his title . It leads to jealousy , a run from the law , and finally , disaster .
Baker negative Parry ; Madge neutral Irene ; Parry negative Irene ; Madge negative Parry ; George negative Parry ; Bob positive Irene <$> Vincent Parry , a man convicted of killing his wife , escapes from San Quentin prison by stowing away in a supply truck . He evades police and hitches a ride with a passing motorist named Baker . Parry 's odd clothes and a news report on the radio about an escaped convict make Baker suspicious . When questioned , Parry beats him unconscious . Irene Jansen , who had been painting nearby , picks up Parry and smuggles him into San Francisco , offering him shelter in her apartment . An acquaintance of Jansen , Madge , comes by Irene 's apartment . Parry , without opening the door , tells her to go away . Madge was a former romantic interest of Parry 's whom he had spurned . Out of spite she testified at his trial , providing a motive as to why he would have killed his wife . When she returns Irene explains that she had followed Parry 's case with interest . Her own father had been falsely convicted of murder and ever since she had taken an interest in miscarriages of justice . She believes that Parry is innocent . Parry goes out but is recognized by a cab driver , Sam . The man turns out to be sympathetic and gives Parry the name of a plastic surgeon who can change his appearance . Parry arranges to stay with a friend , George Fellsinger , during the recuperation from surgery . Dr. Coley performs the operation . Parry , unable to speak , his face wrapped in bandages , returns to George 's apartment only to find his friend murdered . He stumbles back to Irene 's house , collapsing at her doorstep . Irene nurses him back to health . Madge and a man named Bob , who is romantically interested in Irene , come by . Madge is worried that Parry will kill her for testifying against him and asks to stay with Irene for protection . Irene gets rid of Madge and deflects Bob by saying that she has already met someone to whom she is attracted , " Vincent Parry . " She feigns that she is lying , but actually she is telling the truth , as Parry hides in a bedroom . Bob takes Irene 's statement as a joke but accepts that Irene is interested in another man . As he recuperates , Parry learns that he is now wanted for the murder of his friend George , his fingerprints having been found on the murder weapon , George 's trumpet . After his bandages are removed , Parry reluctantly parts from Irene , declaring that she will be better off if she is not part of his life . Parry decides to flee the city before trying to find out who really killed his wife . At a diner , an undercover policeman becomes suspicious because of Parry 's behavior . The policeman asks for identification but Parry claims to have left it at his hotel . On the street , Parry darts in front of a moving car to escape . At the hotel , Parry is surprised by Baker , who holds him at gunpoint . Baker has been following Parry since they first met . He now demands that Irene pay him $ 60,000 or he will turn Parry over to the law . Parry agrees , and Baker obliges him to drive the two of them to Irene 's apartment . Claiming to take a shortcut , Parry drives to a secluded spot underneath the Golden Gate Bridge . There he succeeds in disarming Baker and questions him , becoming convinced that Madge is behind the deaths of his wife and friend . The two men fight with Baker eventually falling to his death . Parry heads to Madge 's place . Knowing that she does n't recognize him with this face , he pretends to be a friend of Bob 's interested in courting her . Parry eventually reveals his true identity and accuses a terrified Madge of having killed his wife and George as well . Madge points out that without a confession , his accusations will be worthless . But while turning away from him , she accidentally falls through a window to her death . Knowing that he can not prove his innocence , and that he will likely be accused of Madge 's murder on top of the others , Parry has no choice but to flee . He intends to get to Mexico and then South America . He phones Irene , revealing his plans . The next time he is seen , Parry is having a drink in a nightclub in Peru when he spots Irene across the dance floor . They embrace .
Sreenu positive Bhavani ; Sandhya positive Sreenu ; Bhavani neutral Shruthi <$> Sreenu is the son of Vishwanatham ( [ [ Chandra Mohan . He is a high school drop out in Anakapalle and wants to marry his uncle ’s daughter Bujji . She rejects him stating that he does n’t have college education . Sreenu , who is clever and street - smart decides to go to Hyderabad for further education . While travelling in the train , he bashes up a bunch of rowdies teasing college girls . At the college in Hyderabad , he meets Shruthi and falls in love with her . The city gangster Bhavani is in love with her and blackmails her to marry him . He beats anyone moving closely with Shruthi . Meanwhile , henchmen of Warangal Rajanna , a dreaded chieftain , are looking for Sreenu in the city . Sreenu meets Bhavani and forces him to a challenge , whereby , he will make Shruthi love him . Sreenu rescues Shruthi from being kidnapped by the gang of Yadayya , a rival of Bhavani . When Sreenu wins Shruthi 's heartand both of them decide to elope , she is kidnapped . It is then revealed that Rajanna kidnapped Shruthi to get hold of Sreenu because Rajanna ’s daughter Sandhya is in love with Sreenu . She was the girl who was saved by Sreenu on the train . Sreenu lands at Rajanna ’s place and finds himself in a fix . Bhavani , too , arrives at Rajanna ’s place to take away Shruthi . A police intelligence officer , Rajanna 's brother - in - law , comes to attend Sreenu and Sandhya 's wedding . Sreenu and Bhavani start their one - upmanship games to win Shruthi . How Sreenu comes out of this quagmire to rescue Shruthi from the clutches of Rajanna and Bhavani and what happens to Sandhya are revealed in the climax interspersed with twists and turns .
Esther positive Bo ; Barbarossa positive Bo ; Riccio negative Barbarossa ; Getz neutral Esther ; Conte neutral Scipio ; Conte neutral Mosca ; Riccio negative Mosca ; Getz neutral Stella ; Getz neutral Scipio ; Massimo neutral Getz ; Getz positive Mosca ; Getz negative Bo ; Getz neutral Ida ; Riccio neutral Conte ; Ida neutral Barborossa <$> When Prosper and Boniface 's parents die , their aunt Esther attempts to adopt the younger brother , an adorable five - year - old who eventual turns six as the movie progresses , named Bo . She plans to send twelve - year - old Prosper away to boarding school . However , before they can separate the two boys Prosper takes Bo to Venice , the magical city about which their mother often told stories . Once in Venice , the boys live on the streets , and the money Prosper brought quickly runs out . Bo becomes ill and Prosper is forced to resort to stealing cough medicine from a pharmacy . The boys are nearly caught and lose the rest of their food , but are rescued by the mysterious Thief Lord . The Thief Lord , a mask - wearing teenager whose name is Scipio , invites the boys to come with him to his hideout , an abandoned movie theatre called the Stella . The Stella is also home to three orphaned children Scipio has rescued : Hornet , Riccio ( [ [ George MacKay and Mosca . They steal from stores and Venice 's wealthy tourists , but the majority of their money comes from Scipio , who goes on mysterious raids and always brings back treasures . Unfortunately , Barbarossa - the sleazy antique dealer the children have to sell their stolen goods to - always cheats the children . Bo brags that Prosper " is great at selling things " and Prosper ends up getting Barbarossa to quintuple his asking price . Barbarossa tells Riccio and Prosper there is a client who needs something stolen and is willing to pay big money for it . Meanwhile , the boys ' aunt and uncle , Esther and Max Hartlieb , have traveled to Venice in order to find their nephews and entreated the help of Victor Getz ( [ [ Jim Carter . The inspector wanders across Prosper and Riccio in front of a pastry shop and chases the boys when they run away . However , he is distracted by a friend , Ida Spavento , and loses the boys . Back at the theatre , the children celebrate Prosper 's success . Riccio tells Scipio about Barbarossa 's customer and he decides to take the job . After being persuaded by the others Scipio takes all of them with him to go and see the client , a mysterious man known only as the Conte . However he only let 's Prosper and Mosca come to meet the client in person . The conte asks them to steal a wooden wing , a fragment from the long lost merry go round of the merciful sisters , for it he would pay fifty thousand euros . While Scipio , Prosper and Mosca are preoccupied with the conte ; Bo , Hornet and Riccio are forced to wait outside . While there Bo meets Victor Getz , who befriends him . While they are talking Bo accidentally lets slip that he lives in an abandoned movie theatre . Prosper and the others return and chase him off . While hiding in a mask shop , Scipio comes up with a plan to help the others escape . During which Victor Getz sees his face . Scipio needs to go away for a few days so he asks the gang to stake out the mansion where the wing is kept . At the same time Victor Getz approaches Dottore Massimo , owner of the Stella . While there he discovers that Scipio is not a poor orphan at all . He is the son of the rich Massimo . although Massimo asks Scipio help Victor get in , Scipio makes a break for it and manages to escape back to the Stella . He tries to persuade the others to leave but instead they devise a plan to catch Getz . It works and Getz is soon their prisoner . When Scipio does n't show up for stake out the next day , the others are confused . Getz tells them what he had discovered . Not believing him the gang visit Massimo 's mansion . There they find out the truth . That Scipio had lied to them and that all the ' loot ' had come from the house . Riccio is the most upset out of all of them , feeling betrayed . When they return to the Stella they find that Getz has escaped but gave them his ' word of honor ' that he would n't reveal their location to anyone as long as he did n't hear of any break ins . However he had fixed the projector and they enjoyed a short film that Mosca has been working on for a long time . And , even though their moral of Scipio 's betrayal was low , they decided to complete the bargain with the conte . When the group decides to steal the wooden wing inside the house where it is supposed to be , they encounter Scipio but they refuse to work with him . While looking around , they also accidentally wake the owner of the house , Ida . After a confrontation , Ida agrees to let the group take the wing as long as they take her with them . After receiving word of the transaction , Scipio drives all of them on a boat to meet the Conte . The deal goes off without a hitch . Unfortunately , Prop and Bo 's persistent aunt and uncle do not believe Getz claims though he tells them he firmly believes the boys have left Venice to Corfu . To complicate matters , Barborossa decides to take matters in his own hands taking police to the Stella , where they were able to take Hornet and Bo , who remained behind during the deal , and close down the Stella . When they return , Prosper and the others find that Hornet and Bo are gone , becoming worried that Getz has sold them out and decide to confront him . Getz helps them when they confront him they get a phone call from the aunt , discovering that Bo is when them and that Hornet was with the police . They also figure out that the money the COnte gave them is also fake , according to Getz . Ida and Getz are able to get Hornet , whose real name is Catarina , out of the orphanage she had been left in , and Ida allowed the group to stay at her place . Scipio sneaks into Ida 's house and wakes Prosper later that night persuading him to come with him to the secret island where the Conte where the Conte resists in order to ride the merry - go - round , which is said to have mystical powers to age or restore youth to the riders , in order to become adults and both get what they want . Bo , who despises his aunt and uncle , sneaks out of the hotel that they are staying in and returns to the Stella , where Getz , after receiving a phone call from the aunt , finds him and brings him back to Ida 's house . Meanwhile , the Conte , whose real name is Renzo , and his sister the Contessa are now children , around the same as Riccio and the others . They offer , after the others discover the money payment was fake , a ride on the merry - go - round as payment for being unable to truly pay them . However , only Scipio takes this offer and after riding , jumps off after being warned by Prosper , now an adult . When Barborossa appears , Scipio tricks him onto one of the animals that restores youth but Barborossa breaks the merry - go - round after becoming a young child during the ride . Upon their return , Prosper is reunited with his younger brother . The older Scipio appoints himself as Getz 's new partner in the detective field which the man does not object to . Barborossa after drinking himself to sleep is left alone as the children are reunited with each other at Ida 's , while the adults step outside . The aunt and uncle , who had followed Getz take the opportunity to break into the house and take back Bo . Riccio , Prosper , and Mosca fend off the two adults while Hornet keeps Bo with her , but the children lose the upper hand when the uncle takes hold of Ida 's rifle and points it at Prosper . Bo , remembering the night the group had stole the wing and were confronted by Ida , tells him that the gun does n't work . Testing the gun out , the uncle hears what he believes to be a dry click and points it once again at Prosper however pulling the trigger and discovering that the gun was indeed loaded as a bullet fires but it hits a spot on the wall right next to Prosper . Startled , the two adults are then confronted by Scipio who returns , takes the gun , and tells the aunt and uncle to leave and never return successful in sending them off to which he credits his being an adult . Taking the money they deserve from Barborossa 's safe , Riccio and Mosca split it all between all of them and Scipio uses his share to buy the boys a boat and to establish bank accounts for the others . Victor , Ida , Prosper , Hornet , and Bo are on Scipio 's old boat driving alongside them . Ida comments on how they would make a great family and how the kids do n't have to leave . They decide to stay together .
Marion negative Corps <$> Marion , a Marine recruit during World War II is kicked out of the Corps and sent home in a blue fatigue uniform . As recruits sent their civilian clothes home or sold them , the Corps did not wish less than honourably discharged Marine recruits to wear a uniform they had not earned . In real life the Corps issued light blue uniforms used by Flying Cadets prior to Pearl Harbor ; hence the name " Baby Blue Marine " for a failed recruit . Ashamed , Marion meets a Marine Raider a young , battle - scarred war hero back from the Pacific who has aged beyond his years with prematurely gray hair . As the Raider does n't wish to return to the war , he knocks out Marion and changes uniforms with him . Marion enters an idyllic small town where the decorations and Raider shoulder sleeve insignia of his uniform make him a hero to the community whose own young men are away at the war .
Ryan negative Chris ; Ryan positive Maggie <$> Ryan is a bit of a geek with eyes for the school sex bomb , Ashley , which induces cringing in his neighbor and best friend , Maggie , a cute intellectual girl . But popular jock Chris has his eye on Maggie , and he offers to help Ryan win Ashley if Ryan will help Chris with Maggie . So begins a two - headed variation on Cyrano de Bergerac ; Ryan composes soulful e-mails for Chris , and Chris advises Ryan to treat Ashley like dirt , which seems to be the only way to get her attention . At first , neither finds it easy to change their ways ; Chris comes on too strong , and Ryan is too nervous to be a jerk . But as they start to succeed , Ryan begins to see Maggie in a new light and wonders if he 's pursuing the right girl . He realizes Ashley is not meant for him , and tries to convince Maggie about Chris 's affection for her . Maggie is reluctant to take him " back " at first , but then realizes Ryan has a change of heart .
Anthony negative Tetsuo ; Yatsu negative Anthony <$> Anthony is a man with an American father and a deceased Japanese mother living and working in Tokyo . One day his son is run over and killed by Yatsu , this film 's version of " The Metal Fetishist " . < ref namehttp : / / www.quietearth.us/articles/2009/07/26/More-details-on-TETSUO-THE-BULLETMAN-and-brief-first-footage | titleQuietearth.us | date2009 -07-26 } } Shortly afterward Anthony begins to transform into metal . He discovers that the work of his scientist father may be the key to his transformation . In his father 's house he discovers a secret room with files and papers detailing the Tetsuo Project as a way to turn people into androids . He also learns that his father met his mother while they each researched the project . Anthony 's wife arrives but before she sees her transformed husband a S.W.A.T. team arrives and she is taken hostage . Anthony 's transformation finishes its hold and he kills the S.W.A.T. team with bullets fired from his body . Anthony 's father then calls to him and his wife to explain everything : Anthony 's mother was disgusted with the outcome of the Tetsuo project , having joined it as a way to help give crippled and sick people new bodies . When Anthony 's mother realized that she would soon die she insisted that her husband recreate her as a Tetsuo android so that he may still have a child with his recreated wife . That child became Anthony , which means that Anthony and his late son were always part Tetsuo . Meanwhile Yatsu realizes that the only way he will find peace is to be shot by Anthony 's body . Yatsu and Anthony have a final confrontation in which Anthony 's wife is nearly killed . Anthony 's transformation reaches its pinnacle and he becomes a large metal beast with a cannon in his center . Yatsu provokes and threatens Anthony to shoot him . Finally Anthony denies this wish and instead consumes Yatsu whole into his metal body and then returns to human form . Five years later Anthony and his wife and new child have returned to a normal , contented life . As he stands before a mirror he hears Yatsu 's final words : " You do n't know what I 'll do . " However , when a group of young thugs attempt to intimidate him while walking down the street , rather than allow his anger to overtake him , he simply walks calmly and confidently past them .
Lucy negative María ; María neutral Blanca <$> 17 - year - old Colombian girl María Álvarez works in sweat shop - like conditions at a flower plantation . Her income helps support her family , including an unemployed sister who is a single mother . María becomes pregnant by a man she does not love . After unjust treatment from her boss she quits work despite her family 's vehement disapproval . On her way to Bogotá to find a new job , she is offered a position as a drug mule . Desperate , she accepts the risky offer , and swallows 62 wrapped pellets of Cocaine and flies to New York City with her immature friend Blanca . María is almost caught by US customs who are suspicious of her movements . She avoids being X-rayed due to her pregnancy , and they ultimately believe her story that the father of her child paid for her air ticket . The traffickers collect María and several other mules . The mules are held hostage in a motel room until they pass all the drug pellets . Fellow mule Lucy falls ill when a drug pellet apparently ruptures inside her . The traffickers cut her open to retrieve the drug pellets . María convinces Blanca to escape with her when the traffickers leave to dump Lucy 's body . They abscond with the drugs they have passed . María has nowhere to sleep and goes to Lucy 's sister 's house but does n't reveal to the sister that Lucy is dead . Blanca soon joins her there . Eventually the sister finds out and throws them out . Blanca and María return the drugs to the traffickers and receive their money . María uses some of her drug money to send Lucy 's body home to Colombia . They are about to board the plane back to Colombia when María decides to stay in the United States . Blanca returns home .
his positive Sukhmani <$> Sukhmani - Hope For Life is a story based on the Journey of Major Kuldeep Singh , played by Gurdas Maan , a decorated officer of the Para Battalion , who overcomes personal trauma and social indignity to uphold the morals of the army and the honour of a woman rejected by society and family , while keeping alive the memory of his beloved daughter Sukhmani . On that fateful day when the beautiful valley of Jammu & Kashmir is bloodied by the gruesome killings of his devoted wife and treasured daughter at the hands terrorists , Major . Kuldeep Singh ’s life is thrown into disarray . To maintain his sanity and avoid falling in to a black hole of depression , he returns to his duty , fighting the terrorists with renewed vigor and the need to avenge his family . When for a second time he fails to save the life of an innocent girl who becomes a victim of the terrorism , he becomes a broken man . However , a soldier ’s war is never over and when duty calls again , he goes out to repatriate innocent civilians from the Wagah Border . It is after meeting Reshma , he decides that protecting her from the social stigma of society as well as from the evil intentions of his own comrade has becomes his goal in life . He faces dishonour and social exclusion , but unwaveringly fights back for his rights , the rights of a woman dispelled by society and the future of a little girl who has nothing to do with terrorism and the hatred in this world . Sukhmani shows us that both good and evil lie within each of us , however when faced with exceptional circumstances , each human acts differently . It shows us that sometimes we have to make choices that are not always accepted by society . Sukhmani shows us that there is hope for life ...
Chanthu negative Ambadi <$> The movie is based on Kerala 's traditional Vadakkanpattu . The frictional story is about Kadathanadan Ambadi who wants to avenge his father - Thacholi Manikoth Othenan Kuruppu 's death and retrieve the sacred sword Bhadravaal and Sacred Thread , which were missing since the death of Thacholi Othenan . Kadathanadan Ambadi along with his Mentor - Marital arts Guru sets out searching mysterious disappearance of the sword . They suspect a Muslim Manager of their household who went missing since the day . While searching , they reached Kingdom , whose ruler was a mysterious Black Magician . The Magician Ruler used to send his eagle to search for each 's day beautiful lady , to be sacrificed each day for strengthening the King . In that process , the eagle settled 's house whose lady 's marriage was fixed on the day . The soldiers dragged the girl and brought to sacrifice pit , only to saved by Ambadi and killed the King . It later found that , the girl and her brother were sons of . Moyideen narrates the story , who within the Thacholi family plotted against to stage a coup and get hold of the sword , making thief , who was later sold as slave to Tulunad 's King . The King also holds the key to secret magical cave where the sword was kept . Ambadi sets to Tulunadu , where he lures the princess and get to know about whereabouts of the Key . Ambadi fights against King and his soldiers and grabbed the key from his necklace and proceeds to Magical Cave . He had to fight against Demoness who guards the sword as well as a Water Demoness . After getting back the Sacred Sword - " Bhadravaal " he returns to Kadathanadu with his Guru , Payyampalli Chanthu . But they were not aware of the fact that his father 's sister - Unichala , her two children and Moosakkuutti were captured by Kathiroor Chandrappan . Payyampalli Chanthu 's daughter Kunjilakshmi feels betrayed as she knew that Ambadi was not alone but with a Princess .
Madelyn neutral Velma ; Whirlen neutral Marlen ; Fred negative Daphne ; Whirlen positive Calvin ; Madelyn neutral Amos ; Calvin neutral Amos ; Whirlen positive Marlin ; Gryphon positive Marlin ; Marlen negative Marlin ; Madelyn negative Fred <$> After wrapping up their latest mystery , Velma gets a call from her mother asking that she check on her younger sister Madelyn , who attends a college for magicians . The gang head off to the Whirlen Merlin Magic Academy , located in an old Irish castle . They meet the owner , Whirlen Merlin , along with his brother Marlen , who acts as cook and butler , and Crystal , Whirlen 's former stage assistant . Fred is smitten , to Daphne 's irritation . The gang learns that a giant gryphon has been scaring away the students and staff . After dinner , Velma , Daphne , and Fred are talking in the hall , when Daphne comments on his attraction to Crystal . Fred explains that she is so graceful , then he and Velma make fun of Daphne 's kultziness . Later that evening , Madelyn , who has had a crush on Shaggy for years , takes him on a romantic walk to in the gardens and show him an ancient sun - dia . Madelyn explains that the gryphon was meant to protect the school , but then the gryphon chases them from the garden . A student takes a picture of the gryphon , which appears on the morning newspaper . The rest of the students leave , so the gang starts taking classes themselves . Meanwhile , Calvin Curdles , a powerful vegetable ice - cream guru , continually offers to buy Whirlen 's castle from him . The gang promises to investigate to see if Curdles is behind the Gryphon , so he tells Amos to call if he hears anything new . Velma finds Daphne practicing ballet so she can be more graceful and capture Fred 's attention . . The two then stumble on a secret passageway leading to the attic of the school , where they discover that Alma Rumblebuns , the school 's head maid , used to date Calvin Curdles . Meanwhile , Jack and Midna discover the special effects room of the castle , where they are discovered by Ms. Rumblebuns and knock over some chemicals , creating a fog . The room is revealed as Marlen 's private laboratory , where he creates holograms and puppets for Whirlen 's show . Madelyn then finds a book about the ancient staff of O'Flannery , which is said to control the gryphon . The gang finds the staff in O'Flannery 's grave , but are chased away by a Banshee and narrowly escape . Afterwards , Shaggy and Madelyn sit down and talk , and Shaggy discovers that he likes Madelyn just as much . Not long after , the gryphon chases them again . As the gang runs to the castle , Shaggy and Madelyn bump into Amos and misplace the staff . When Madelyn runs outside to recover the staff , she is kidnapped by the gryphon and taken to its Roost , an ancient dilapidated tower . Meanwhile the gang finds out that Amos has been secretly working for Calvin Curdles to try to get Whirlen to sell the castle . Amos calls Curdles to the castle while the gang goes after Madelyn , Calvin Curdles tries to convince Whirlen to sign over the castle . Whirlen almost does but the gang suggests that they wait before the deal is signed , still believing that Curdles is behind the entire thing . They get into the tower with the spear , which is a key , and they rescue Madelyn . Everybody rushes outside including Curdles . The gryphon crashes to the ground , where they discover that it is a giant puppet , controlled from a blimp hidden by a fog machine run by Whirlen 's brother Marlin . He had discovered that Lord O'Flannery had devises hidden in the Gryphon 's Roost , hoping it would make everyone think a monster lived there . Marlin used the devices to scare trespassers away . He was also behind the banshee , which was only a hologram . Tired of doing all the work but getting none of the credit , Marlen decides to use his puppets and illusions to become a famous magician himself , but he needed money and the only way was to get Whirlen to sell the castle . So Marlin had his gryphon puppet scare everyone away . He apologizes for trying to make Whirlen fail , knowing how much the school meant to him . Not wanting to take away his dream . Whirlen forgives Marlin , and all is well . Velma reveals that Amos found Marlon rebuilding the Gryphon and told Curdles about it . Curdles reveals he wanted to buy the castle to win back Alma 's heart after having left her years before to make something of himself . He instead got distracted by the money from his vegetable and meat ice cream cones . Alma accepts him back and they become a couple again . They also find the staff hidden in the deflated blimp . It pierced the blimp when Shaggy threw the staff at the gryphion and missed it . The Merlin brothers decide to make Madelyn their apprentice and soon after Calvin Curdles sponsors the reopening of the Merlin Brothers ' Academy of Magic , where Madelyn performs with Daphne acting as her assistant . In one of the tricks she appears in the seat next to Fred and gently teases him , causing Fred to see her in an all new light . Scooby ' tames ' a lion ; which is actually the real Scooby controlling a puppet Scooby , which tames the lion . After the end credits , the Mystery Machine is shown and a voice tells the audience : " You kids are still watching ? Well , the mystery 's over ! Now move on with your lives ! Hahahahahahahahaha ... I need oil . "
Nick negative Jerry ; Nick positive Radhika ; Tanya positive Jerry ; Nick neutral Ajay ; Jerry negative Ajay <$> Desi Boyz is the story of two friends , Jerry alias Jignesh Patel and Nick Mathur ( [ [ John Abraham , who live in London and who are hit hard by recession . Jerry does odd jobs for a living as he is an undergraduate but Nick has a white - collar job . However , both find themselves jobless due to the economic downturn . Jerry has a little , school - going nephew Veer to look after as the child has lost both his parents . Nick is to marry his girlfriend , Radhika Awasthi , who dreams of a lovely wedding , a great honeymoon and a wonderful house to live in after marriage . Out of job , Jerry finds it difficult to even pay the school fees of his nephew because of which the government is on the verge of giving the custody of his nephew to a foster family . Nick fears , he wo n’t be able to fulfil the dreams of his to - be wife . It is to tide over the difficult times that Jerry and Nick turn to the oldest profession in the world . They become male escorts , fulfilling the costume fantasies of girls and ladies . Ironically , Jerry ca n’t ultimately prevent his nephew from being sent to a foster home ; and Nick loses Radhika when she learns of what he has been up to while she is away in India . Frustrated , Nick blames Jerry for forcing him into the profession and asks him to move out of his house and life . Nick now tries hard to win Radhika back and help comes from the most unlikely source – Radhika ’s father Suresh who has come to London with her . Meanwhile , Jerry registers in college again to complete his graduation so that he can earn enough money to get his nephew back home . In college , Jerry meets Tanya Sharma who used to be his over-sized classmate and is now a hot and a sexy professor in the same college . Sparks fly between Jerry and Tanya . To make Nick jealous , Radhika dates a man named Ajay . Nick starts to pick on Ajay , often calling him Vijay . After some reconsideration , Radhika forgives Nick , but Nick rejects her . Meanwhile , Jerry graduates college and also wins Tanya 's heart . Nick comes and apologizes to Jerry . All is forgiven when Nick and Jerry reconcile . Jerry then helps Radhika win back Nick . Nick then helps Jerry get a decent high paying job , Jerry decides to go to court and get back the custody of his nephew . Ajay turns out to be the lawyer against Jerry 's case . He decides to get revenge on Nick for taking Radhika away from him by not letting Jerry win his case . Ajay tells the court about Jerry being a male escort and what a bad role model he would be towards his nephew . He then brings in 3 witnesses to testify against Jerry . He asks each of them if they had paid Jerry for sex ; all but one say no . Ajay is on the verge of winning . But Jerry makes an inspiring speech to the judge . The case is in his favour and he ends up winning and gaining full custody of Veer . The recession ends and everyone is happily living their lives .
Harold positive Maria ; Harold negative Kumar ; Maria neutral Kumar ; Harold neutral Bradley ; Harris positive Harold <$> Investment banker Harold Lee is persuaded by his colleagues Billy and JD to do their work as they leave for the weekend . Elsewhere , Kumar Patel attends a medical school interview at the behest of his father but intentionally botches it to avoid gaining a place . Arriving home , Harold meets his neighbor Maria but is unable to admit his feelings for her . After smoking marijuana with Kumar and seeing an advertisement for White Castle , the pair decide to get hamburgers to satisfy their hunger . Traveling to the location of the nearest White Castle , the pair find it has been replaced by " Burger Shack " but are informed that there is another White Castle in Cherry Hill . When Kumar begins to become sober , he suggests stopping at Princeton University to buy marijuana . Kumar buys marijuana from a student named Bradley while Harold deals with the attention of Korean students admirable of his job . After smoking more marijuana together , Harold and Kumar are discovered by a campus security guard and forced to flee , losing their bag of marijuana . While the guards chase the pair , they discover Bradley 's own marijuana and have him arrested . Harold and Kumar resume their drive , and Kumar pulls over to urinate . He leaves the car door open , allowing a raccoon to sneak in . It bites Harold , who convinces Kumar to take him to a hospital where Kumar 's father and brother work . Kumar steals ID badges from his father and brother to obtain medical marijuana , but is mistaken for his brother and forced to perform surgery on a gunshot victim . After Kumar treats the man 's wounds almost effortlessly , the patient tells them how to reach White Castle and the duo continues their quest . On the road , Kumar spots Maria . He decides to get her attention so Harold can talk to her , but Harold panics and presses the accelerator , causing the car to crash into a ditch . They are rescued by Randy , a heavily - disfigured tow - truck driver nicknamed " Freakshow " . He takes them to his house to repair their car and says that they can make themselves at home and have sex with his wife . Harold and Kumar are propositioned by Freakshow 's wife but after Freakshow suggests a foursome , Harold and Kumar flee . Noticing a hitchhiker along the road , Kumar decides to stop and pick him up . The hitchhiker is Neil Patrick Harris , who is high on ecstasy . When Harold and Kumar head into a convenience store to get directions , Harris drives away in Harold 's car . Attempting to hit Kumar in anger , Harold accidentally punches a racist police officer and is arrested . In jail , Harold sees Bradley being released and his stash confiscated . Kumar fakes a 911 call to draw the police away before breaking into the station to free Harold . As the police return , Harold and Kumar again flee , taking Bradley 's stash . The pair encounter an escaped cheetah and , after smoking marijuana with it , ride it . Harold and Kumar find a hot dog restaurant and see their neighbors Goldstein and Rosenberg eating hot dogs and looking happy . Harold decides he wants the feeling of satisfaction from achieving their goal . After encountering a group of sport punks who routinely harass the pair , Harold and Kumar steal their truck . A police officer spots the speeding truck and gives pursuit . They briefly elude the officer but become trapped at the edge of a cliff . Spotting the White Castle below , Harold and Kumar use a hang glider from the truck to reach their destination . The pair place their orders but find they have no money . Harris appears , apologizes for his actions and provides them with cash for their meal and for repairs to Harold 's car . Kumar realizes he wants to be a doctor , but is afraid of conforming to the stereotype of Indians becoming doctors . As Kumar is talking Harold notices his co-workers pull up with two women and becomes angry because they said they had to work with clients that night but in reality were out partying . He confronts them for leaving their work to him , and threatens to get them fired and humiliated if it happens again . After returning to their apartment building they encounter Maria in the hallway , waiting for the elevator . Harold professes his love for her and they kiss . She informs Harold that she is leaving to visit Amsterdam but that they will talk when she returns ten days later . Kumar convinces Harold to go with him to Amsterdam to pursue Maria , reminding him that marijuana is legal in the Netherlands .
Kaude negative Banto ; Sunder neutral Kaude ; Sunder negative Bulaki <$> Bhangra is a drama with nice comedy and romance . Sunder , the son of a money - lender Kaude Shah , goes to a poor farmer , Bulaki , in the village of Rangpur to get the money - with - interest back from him but falls in love with his daughter Banto . A suspended Munshi of Kaude Shah , Mehnga Mall , also tried to get Banto and steals Kaude Shah 's jewellery and reaches Rangpur . He gives the jewellery to Sunder for staying away from him and Banto . Sunder gives the jewellery to Bulaki to pay back his debt and so did the unconscious Bulaki . The truth comes out and Bulaki is charged for stealing jewellery . He told that the jewellery was given to him by Sunder and so Sunder is arrested . Finally , Mehnga Mall confesses and Bulaki and Sunder gets free . After a little protest Sunder 's father , Kaude Shah , agrees for Sunder and Banto 's marriage .
Mafia negative Yamamoto <$> Shot in Los Angeles , California , Takeshi Kitano plays Yamamoto , a lone yakuza officer . Defeated in a war with a rival family , his boss killed , he heads to L.A . As time passes , Yamamoto and his new gang emerge as a powerful force , gradually expanding their turf to an extent that they must confront the Mafia . The Mafia 's attacks are ruthless , and soon Yamamoto and his gang are driven into a disastrous situation of no return as they are hunted down one by one .
Philadelphia positive Jim ; Elston negative Ellis ; Elston negative Jim ; Hakim positive Jim ; he positive Philadelphia <$> It is 1974 and life is not easy for a black male , even a college - educated one like Jim Ellis , to find employment . Struggling to find anything better , Jim , a former competitive swimmer , accepts the job of dismantling the decrepit Marcus Foster Recreation Center operated by the Philadelphia Department of Recreation . The center includes a dilapidated swimming pool , which Ellis rehabilitates . Ellis ' presence and activities causes friction with a bitter , overprotective janitor named Elston . One day , Jim invites a group of black teens who have just been thrown off the basketball court in the Center 's yard in for a swim . Andre ( [ [ Kevin Phillips , Hakim , Reggie , Puddin ’ Head , and Walt prove to be fairly capable swimmers and with a few pointers , could become great swimmers . With some help from Elston , Jim decides to try to save the public swimming pool by starting the city 's first all African - American swim team . When the team also acquires Willie , a female swimmer more gifted than any of the boys , the prospects of competing against much more experienced rival white teams begin to seem more positive . Jim also develops a romantic interest in a beautiful city councilor , Hakim 's sister and guardian . Throughout their struggles , in or out of the swimming pool , Jim and Elston embrace and mentor the kids , helping them become successful at swimming and struggle against prejudice , crime , and poverty . In the Kevin Hart movie " Laugh At My Pain " , Kevin Hart said that when he was little he used to swim at the Philadelphia Department of Recreation , and he said that the movie " Pride " was talking about it .
Haji negative Alex ; Shetty neutral Alex ; Haji negative Parliament ; Mohammed negative Haji ; Mohammed neutral Shetty ; Haji negative Chakrapani ; Mohammed negative Chakrapani ; Mohammed positive Shivram ; Shetty positive Mohammed <$> Roy Alex , an investigative journalist is doing a feature on hawala money that is being pumped in from the Middle East through hawala dealings . He is summoned to the house of Rahim Haji , a high profile businessman , who is also a former Member of Parliament . Rahim Haji wants Alex to create a media sabotage through his feature , where by exposing Narendra Shetty , a business tycoon who owns Shetty Corporation . Roy Alex follows Chakrapani , a hawala dealer of Shetty on his bike . On way back after secretly clicking his snaps exchanging cash , Roy Alex is brutally killed by Chakrapani and his goons . Rahim Haji upon realizing that Alex is dead , is panicked . But within minutes , he comes face to face with Narendra Shetty , who shoots him down for trespassing into his shady business secrets . The Muslim political organization , which Rahim Haji was representing at Parliament , demands a special investigation into the death of Haji . The chief minister , ( [ [ Janardhanan appoints Mohammed Sarkar , one of the smartest officers to probe the murder of Haji . Mohammed Sarkar takes the help of Panicker , a retired police officer , who was also his teacher at the police academy . Mohammed forms an investigating team composed of a sharp shooter , Gregory and IT savvy Gurumoorthy , who are circle inspectors at Kerala Police . Mohammed notices differences in the flow of blood on a particular photograph of the dead body of Rahim Haji , which makes him convinced that the particular snap was clicked just minutes after the murder showing that there was someone else at the murder spot . Going after the photograph that was published at Mathrurajyam , a leading daily , Mohammed nabs Ramachandra Adiga , a senior visualizer / copy writer at Shetty Corporation . But Adiga at the special court refuses to identify Shetty as the murderer . Chakrapani dramatically appears arrive at court claiming himself to be the murderer of Rahim Haji . Mohammed Sarkar goes after Chakrapani and reaches out to a technical institute run by a Christian priest . There , Mohammed Sarkar is shocked to find samples of bullets that are commonly used in semi automatic rifles . But delving further , he finds out that the priest is innocent , but he is tricked to manufacture illegal equipments by a Tamil Nadu based businessman . The next day , the priest is found murdered . Mohammed feels someone following him and one night , nabs the stalker , Shivaram ( [ [ Saikumar , a former army man who is ordered for court martial . Shivram claimed innocence and reveals the incidents that had led to his court martialing . Shivaram at one night at war front in Karimnagar witnesses Narendra Shetty involved in illegal arms supply with Lt. Bes Barua ( [ [ Devan . To stop the secret from leaking out , they try to shoot down Shivram . But they fails in killing him . Court marshal was a plot fabricated to silent Shivaram . Mohammed arrests Chakrapani and from him more shocking truths are revealed . Mohammed Sarkar submits his FIR to the chief minister . He orders Mohammed to hand over the report to authorities at Delhi . Mohammed reaches the army head quarters in Delhi and hands over Shivram , but to his surprise , the officer who was in charge was Bas Barua , who shoots down Shivram . At night , Mohammed Sarkar trespasses into the farm house of Barua and kills him . He arrives at the godown where explosives were stocked by Narendra Shetty . Narendra Shetty reveals his dream of igniting a civil war in the country through which he could grab power of the army . Mohammed Sarkar , but succeeds in killing Shetty , thus bringing an end to his dream .
Sal negative Rosario ; Chantal neutral Eddie ; Van neutral Eddie <$> The film takes place within the notoriously rough Brownsville section of Brooklyn and especially within the Van Dyke housing projects in the NYPD 's 65th precinct . The action revolves around three policemen whose relationships to their jobs are drastically different . Carlo and Detective Salvatore " Sal " Procida are having a conversation in a car when Sal unexpectedly shoots Carlo . Sal grabs a bag of money from Carlo 's lap and flees . Sal confesses to a priest , asking for help with his dire situation . His wife is pregnant with twins , in a house too small for their four children and has wood mold , which jeopardizes his family 's health . Desperate to move , Sal has arranged to purchase a larger home through a woman who owes him a favor . The down payment is due the following Tuesday , and Sal is still short . Sal is a highly skilled and accomplished narcotics detective , but has begun to pocket drug money from raids . Officer Eddie Dugan is a week from retirement after 22 years of unremarkable service to the force . He is assigned to oversee rookies in the tough neighborhoods . His life in shambles ; he swills whiskey in the morning to get out of bed and his only friend is a prostitute , Chantal , who he frequents . Detective Clarence " Tango " Butler is an undercover cop working the drug beat . Losing himself in his role as a drug dealer , he is tired of the kind of attention that a black man in a black car attracts . Having been promised a promotion and a desk job for years , he is finally offered a way out by betraying a close friend Caz , a known criminal recently released from federal prison . Federal Agent Smith instructs Tango to set up the drug deal that will assure Caz 's arrest and return to federal prison . Eddie 's first rookie assignment is a former Marine , who becomes disgusted with Eddie 's lack of professionalism and cynical outlook , and asks to be reassigned – only to be killed on his next assignment . Eddie 's second rookie assignment ( [ [ Jesse Williams accidentally fires his gun near a teenager during a petty theft investigation causing him to go deaf , leaving the NYPD facing a public relations nightmare . During the investigation , Eddie is remorseful for what happened , but refuses to play along with his superiors ' attempts to imply that the teenager was a drug dealer . When Tango goes to warn Caz to abort their upcoming drug deal , they are ambushed and Caz is shot dead , under orders from Red , a gangster Tango had humiliated previously . After Agent Smith makes a racist remark and refuses to pursue Red , Tango lunges at her , but is restrained by fellow officers . Meanwhile , Sal 's latest raid on the complex is cancelled , but he decides to go to the location and rob the money he needs for his house . One of his team members , Detective Ronny Rosario , tries to stop him but fails . As he approaches the building , Sal passes Tango , who has come there to kill Red . Sal raids the apartment . After killing three people and finding their stockpile of cash , Sal is shot in the back and killed by a young man who became suspicious when he saw Sal enter the building . Tango gets his vengeance on Red , but is mistaken for a gangster and is shot by Rosario . Only after shooting Tango does Rosario realize he has shot another law officer . Rosario , still determined to stop Sal , is forced to continue his search for him . He witnesses the young man who shot Sal running away from the crime scene and is devastated when he finds Sal 's body in the drug dealers ' apartment . Eddie retires and visits Chantal , who declines his offer to move to Connecticut . On his way home , Eddie sees a woman , ( [ [ Sarah Thompson , who was reported missing , being shoved into a van . He follows the van to the Van Dyke housing projects , where he locates a sex - slave dungeon in the basement . Eddie apprehends one of the men and is confronted by a second . Eddie tells the second man to get down , but is forced to shoot him in the chest , resulting in a violent fight that ends with Eddie strangling his opponent with a zip tie . Eddie finds redemption by rescuing the missing girls .
Kate negative Charlie ; Kate positive Luc ; Bob negative Luc ; Kate negative Cartier <$> Kate is a fastidious and wholesome history teacher living in Canada with her fiancé , Charlie , who is a doctor . While waiting for her Canadian citizenship to come through , Kate has been busy planning their wedding and the purchase of their first house , complete with a white picket fence . Charlie urges Kate to accompany him to Paris for an upcoming business trip , but she declines due to her fear of flying and her general intolerance for cheeses , secondhand smoke , and the French . Kate 's plans for the future are interrupted by a drunken phone call from Charlie who informs her that he has fallen in love with a beautiful French " goddess " named Juliette and that he will not be returning . Determined to win him back , Kate boards a flight to Paris , despite her fear of flying , and is seated next to a crude Frenchman , Luc Teyssier , whose every word during the seven - hour flight seems to annoy her . Luc is a petty thief who is smuggling a vine cutting and a stolen diamond necklace into France hoping to use both to start his own vineyard . Despite the uncomfortable and sarcastic banter throughout the flight , Kate , with the help of a few drinks , is able to tolerate her " rude " and " hygiene deficient " seating partner long enough to arrive safely in Paris . Before deboarding , however , Luc sneaks the vine and necklace into Kate 's bag , knowing she would not be searched at customs , and then offers Kate a ride into Paris . At the terminal , Luc is spotted by Inspector Jean - Paul Cardon who insists on giving Luc a ride during which he searches his bag . The inspector feels protective of Luc who once saved his life . Meanwhile , Kate makes it on her own to the Hôtel George V where she encounters new levels of French sarcasm and rudeness from the concierge . While waiting in the lobby to confront Charlie , she meets a petty thief named Bob . When she finally sees Charlie and Juliette kissing in an elevator , Kate faints , and Bob steals her bag . Luc arrives , steals a car , and together they track down Bob and the missing bag . Upset at having lost all her money and her passport , Kate argues with Luc and they go their separate ways . Kate soon learns that Charlie and Juliette are headed south to Cannes to meet her parents before the wedding . Meanwhile , after realizing the necklace is still in Kate 's bag , Luc tracks her down , offers to help her " win back Charlie " , and together they board a train to Cannes . Along the way , Luc attempts to search her bag but is unsuccessful . After the lactose intolerant Kate samples some of the 452 official government cheeses of France , she becomes sick and they get off the train at Luc 's hometown of La Ravelle in Paulhaguet . They stay at Luc 's family home , surrounded by a beautiful vineyard where Kate learns about Luc 's past and how he gambled away his vineyard birthright to his brother in a single hand of poker . Kate also learns that Luc knows a lot about wines . Gradually the two grow closer , and after Luc searches the bag and comes up empty , he agrees that he will help Kate . At Cannes , the inspector approaches Kate and urges her to convince Luc to return the stolen necklace anonymously to avoid jail . Luc , who is planning to sell the necklace at Cartier , agrees to Kate 's plan to have her sell the necklace . Meanwhile , Luc is busy instructing Kate on how to win back her lost fiancé . To make Charlie jealous , Luc pretends to be Kate 's lover when they meet Charlie and Juliette on the beach , and the deception works . At dinner , Charlie apologizes to Kate and later tries to seduce her in her room , but she rejects his advances , realizing she no longer wants him — she is in love with Luc . Meanwhile , in an effort to " ensure victory " for Kate , Luc attempts to seduce Juliette , but she walks out after he calls her " Kate " by mistake . The following morning at Cartier , Kate returns the stolen necklace to the inspector and purchases a Cartier check for $ 45,782 with her own savings to create the illusion that she actually sold the necklace . After giving the check to Luc , Kate leaves for the airport pretending to meet Charlie . Soonafter , the inspector approaches Luc and reveals the charade and all that Kate has done for him . When he realizes that Kate will not be returning to Charlie , Luc rushes to the airport , boards the airplane , and confesses that he 's in love with her and wants her to stay with him . Sometime later , Luc and Kate embrace each other in their beautiful new vineyard .
Jack negative Harriet ; Ray positive Jack ; Michael negative Chloe ; Jack neutral Tom ; Chloe negative Bradley ; Tom neutral Chloe ; Mandy neutral Doug ; Cathy positive Doug ; Tom positive Penny ; Cathy negative Michael ; Janelle negative Doug ; Ray neutral Chloe <$> Thirteen years ago , on Valentine 's Day at the local lovers lane , Dee - Dee and Jimmy are making out in their car when a maniac wielding a steel hook attacks them . The pair escape the car and find another couple , Harriet and Ward , slautghtered in the car next to theirs . Soon after , psychiatrist Jack Grefe ( [ [ Richard Sanders arrives , along with Sheriff Tom Anderson , who is distraught to find his wife , Harriet , is one of the lovers who has been murdered . The killer , Ray Hennessey is caught , and revealed to be one of Jack 's patients who had an obsession with Harriet . Ray is incarcerated in a nearby state institution for the criminally insane . Present day , Jack has devoted the last thirteen years of his life keeping Ray , who has gained the nickname " The Hook " , behind bars . Meanwhile , Tom 's outcast daughter , Mandy Anderson attends high school with Michael Lamson , his girlfriend Chloe Grefe , Bradley , Janelle Bay , Doug and couple Cathy and Tim . After Chloe hears Michael is planning to break up with her , she attempts to drown him in the swimming - pool . Jack is called down to the school about his daughters actions , where he meets with Principal Penny Lamson and Tom . Chloe is suspended and Penny grounds her son , Michael . Soon after , Ray retrieves his hook and escapes the mental institution . Tom goes to the school to warn Penny of the hooks escape , as it was her husband who had been cheating with Harriet and murdered years before . At night , Michael sneaks out of his house . While the group hang out at the bowling alley , Chloe makes out with Bradley . Also there is Tom , who tells Deputy David Schwick to look out for Chloe because of the hooks escape . Chloe tells Doug that her and Bradley are going to lovers lane , and to make sure that Michael finds them there . Doug then asks Mandy out , as he does not have a date . While traveling , Chloe and Bradley stop at a shop , where Chloe does not realise a worker has been murdered . Deputy David enters the shop , only to be stabbed to death . Penny finds Michael is missing and alerts Tom . Mandy , Michael , Janelle , Doug , Cathy and Tim arrive at lovers lane . Doug , Tim and Cathy see Bradley 's car , and so walk over to it , only to find Chloe and Bradley murdered , before Tim is stabbed to death by the hook . Doug and Cathy run back to the car , and the rest escape . However , Doug soon crashes the car . Meanwhile , Tom and Penny find the group have gone to lovers lane . As the group regain consciousness they are split up . Mandy and Michael reach a farmhouse where they arm themselves with a gun and find Janelle and Doug , who has broke his leg . While Janelle tends to an unconscious Doug , Mandy and Michael go to the barn to retrieve the missing owners car . Back in the house , Janelle begins to hear noises before the hook smashes through a window . Janelle runs upstairs and barricades herself in a room , but the hook gets in and stabs her to death . As Doug wakes up , the hook kills him . As Michael drives the car out of the barn , he accidentally runs over Cathy , killing her . The pair re-enter the house and find Doug and Janelle dead before the hook attacks them . They lock themselves in the kitchen , and turn the gas on , before escaping out a window . As the hook opens the door , a match is sparked and the house blows up . Meanwhile , Tom and Penny go to Jack 's house where they find a shrine to Mandy . As Mandy and Michael drive back to town , they find Chloe still alive , who swears Bradley is still alive at lovers lane . Arriving at lovers lane , Mandy gets out the car and finds Tim 's phone and manages to speak to Tom , before the hook grabs her through the bushes . In the car , Chloe attacks Michael with a hook , revealing herself to be a killer , but he escapes . As Chloe exits the car she runs into Ray , who slaughters her with a hook . Mandy is forced into a car by her attacker , revealed to be Jack who survived the explosion and was the one that killed Harriet and Ward years previously . Michael saves Mandy , and as a fight breaks out , Tom and Penny arrive and shoot Jack before Mandy eventually kills him with a hook . The next day at lovers lane , Mandy and Michael are medically checked , before they leave Tom and Penny and enter a police car , that is revealed to be driven by Ray .
Mahadevan positive Rajendranath ; Mahadevan neutral Aaruchami ; Bhagyalakshmi positive Mahadevan ; MLA positive Rajendranath ; Aaruchami positive Thangam ; Bhagyalakshmi negative Rajendranath <$> Set in a small town near Coimbatore , ‘ Thangam ’ portrays two families headed by Rajendranath and Mahadevan respectively . Thangam is the son of Delhi Kumar and Aaruchami is the son of Mahadevan . Kaalai is the uncle of Thangam . Thangam and his sister Bhagyalakshmi share a special attachment . The sister finds a suitable girl for the brother , who tries hard to arrange her marriage in a grand manner . The two families turn foes because of the local MLA , who is corrupt . The MLA wants to get rid of Rajendranath , who commands respect in the constituency . He gets close to Aaruchami , who is jealous of the respect commanded by Thangam and his family . The story has many twists and turns . Aaruchami , a compulsive womanizer , woo Thangam ’s sister and makes her pregnant . Thangam , who is mad of his sister , makes Aaruchami marry him . Aaruchami commits a murder but Thangam accepts the responsibility and go to the jail to save Aaruchami , to make the marriage of his sister possible . Later , the relationship between the families is affected further with Mahadevan revolts against Rajendranath to make his son Aaruchami as MLA . In the process , he commits a murder and gets punished . The battle gets worsened . Rajendranath and Bhagyalakshmi are killed . The rest of the story narrates how Thangam avenges for the murders .
Billy positive Marty ; Billy negative Hans ; Hans positive Charlie <$> Marty is a struggling writer who dreams of finishing his screenplay , " Seven Psychopaths " . All he needs is a little focus and inspiration . Billy is Marty 's best friend , an unemployed actor and part - time dog thief , who wants to help Marty by any means necessary . Hans is Billy 's partner in crime : a religious man with a violent past . Charlie is the gangster whose beloved dog Billy and Hans have just stolen . Charlie is unpredictable and extremely violent and would n't think twice about killing anyone or destroying anything associated with the theft . Marty is going to get all the focus and inspiration he needs , just as long as he lives to tell the tale .
Will positive Libby <$> Libby Meredith and her husband , Roger move from New York to a small house in backwoods Tennessee . Their neighbor , Will Cade , is very helpful to them and to Libby especially . While her intellectual husband is busy writing a book and paying her little attention , she comes to like the country life and finds herself attracted to Will 's rural sensibilities . Though he is married to Ann , Will and Libby start up a middle - aged affair . Libby 's daughter , Ellen , arrives asking for help raising her son while she attends Harvard . Soon enough , Will 's son finds out about the affair and assaults Libby , leading to drastic consequences for all .
Yusuf positive Ravi <$> The plot opens with passengers preparing to board a flight to Delhi . A married couple , a mimicry artiste , a little girl and her parents who have to return to Karachi after the little girl 's operation in Chennai , a young software techie , a young doctor , a girl who ran away from home to attend her cousin 's marriage , a married woman who ran away from home , a retired colonel , a movie actor , a fan who is crazy about the actor , and one man who injects drugs are among them . Inside the plane a group of terrorists go to the toilet and load weapons and hijack the plane . While struggling with the pilots , one of the engines is damaged and an emergency landing is made at Tirupathi Airport . Government authorities and National Security guards NSG arrive at the airport . The hijackers demand { { INR } } 100 Crore , release of their leader Yusuf Khan and a new flight for their escape . National Security Guard Ravi and his friend regret for not killing Yusuf Khan on a previous occasion . They make fun of an actor who played Yusuf Khan in a recent movie . Ravi insists for commando operation but officials fear risking passengers ' life not trusting Ravi 's team . Inside the flight one of the terrorist becomes sentimental with a little Muslim girl returning from medical treatment in India . One passenger frequently questions terrorists and one Christian priest requests to read Bible . Government agrees to release Yusuf Khan who dies in an accident while being transported to the airport . Despite attempt to contain the news , the media leak it and a terrorist kills a passenger seeking proof that Yusuf is alive , failing which one passenger will be killed every half - an - hour . Ravi arranges for a scared civilian to pose as Yusuf to make the terrorists believe that Yusuf is alive and getting treated at the hospital . Meanwhile Ravi plans operation ' Gaganam ' to rescue the victims . He secretly sends a mobile phone in a food packet onto the plane and contacts Colonel Jagadish to know about the terrorists and their weapons . Ravi plans to shoot the terrorists during their transit to a new flight by asking the passengers to bend down when they get a signal . The firing succeeds and 4 of the 5 terrorists are killed . The last terrorist who was affectionate to the little girl is killed with help of the young guy . The plastic explosive is found in the girl 's bag where the last terrorist put it . Ravi throws it away which explodes . Operation Gaganam ends with the Prime Minister appreciating Ravi and the passengers heading to their destination .
Lara positive Arjun ; Lara positive Karan ; Karan neutral Arjun ; Charanraj negative Arjun <$> Arasaktchi is a routine story of a youth seeking vendetta against the corrupt lawyers . The storyline is interesting but the manner in which the vendetta takes place spoils the film . Inspired from an Hollywood film which focussed on the nexus between the judiciary - police in New York , director Maharasan spins off a tale to suit the local condition and in the process leaves behind lot of holes in the narration . At the very outset the film gives you a taste of things to come . Anandraj a lawyer who argues for rapists and murderers is killed by a cricket ball hit by Arjun . Arjun is a GM of a five star hotel owned by S V Shekar . Shekar ’s daughter is Lara Dutta who is introduced with a sexy song . She comes from abroad to join her dad ’s hotel but only as a traineee under the macho GM . Within no time Lara is in love with Arjun . It ’s now time for duets . Lara ’s friend Karan is a campaigner of public cause . His efforts lead to a brothel raid and a minister getting arrested . The minister ’s goons bump off Karan and Arjun is an eyewitness . Arjun refuses to testify and Lara walks out on him . Charanraj pleads for the killer and lets him off . Arjun bumps off Charanraj . Nazar a military officer is a witness to the murder . Nazar even postpones his heart operation till the killer is nabbed . Arjun now tells his story of why he is on a hunt of the lawyers who plead for the bad guys . Nazar gives up his mission . Next Devan takes a brief for a rapist and he too is killed . Next is the turn of Raghuvaran who comes from Delhi . The surprise element is that Raghuvaran is the brother in law of Arjun . Raghuvaran ’s wife is the long lost sister of Arjun . Now the brother - sister sentiment comes into play . Finally the story ends with Raghuvaran being shot dead by Arjun in the court premises . The police open fire and bystanders form a human wall and get shot at . Arjun tells TV crew about how his mission has spread to the masses .
Wally negative Wilder ; Wally negative Vida ; Vida neutral Wilder <$> Wallace and Wilder Foudroyant are brothers and pyrokinetics . Ever since a childhood tragedy where they accidentally killed a bum sleeping in a friend 's " secret clubhouse , " they 've kept their firestarting abilities a secret . Now that they 're grown up and estranged , Wallace wants to debut his talents on The David Letterman Show . Wilder has a dull job in a minuscule Kwik Foto booth at a dying mall and is a volunteer fireman . When Wallace brings the carnival to Wilder 's Florida hometown , the tension between the brothers over Wilder 's oversexed wife , Vida , explodes . Unable to convince Wilder to forgo his Bingo - calling on her first day of freedom after a year of house arrest for inadvertent arson , Vida goes off with Wally . They share a kiss at a miniature golf course which bursts into the flames of their passion . Returning home after his fire unit has extinguished the flames at the golf course , Wilder discovers Vida and Wally about to make love on the roof of the house trailer . Wally and Wilder fight it out , with Wally setting the trailer ablaze . All three are jailed , but Wally and Vida are bailed out by Wally 's friend and carnival partner , Rex . In a deep slump , Wilder goes back to the Kwik Foto while Vida stays at the firehouse . Wally goads him into fighting for Vida , and their climactic fight sets half the carnival 's rides ablaze . The denouement shows Vida and Wilder watching Wallace on a successful Letterman reappearance as Dr. Napalm .
Marnie negative Kal ; Marnie negative Luke ; Luke neutral Spell ; Alex negative Gwen ; Kal neutral Gwen ; Dylan negative Sophie ; Kal positive Dylan <$> Witch Marnie , has just spent two years with her grandma Aggie . While hosting a mortal neighborhood Halloween party , Marnie tries to impress a cute new boy , Kal by showing him Aggie 's magically - hidden room . Unbeknownst to Marnie , Kal is actually the son of Kalabar and takes the opportunity to steal Aggie 's spell book . Soon Aggie notices unwelcome magical symptoms . She and Marnie travel to Halloweentown to investigate and fix the problem before the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world , open only on Halloween , closes at midnight . They discover that the whole town has been turned into a made - to - match black and white silent film , and that the inhabitants have been turned into humans . The victims include Marnie 's goblin friend Luke . Aggie diagnoses this as the " Grey Spell . " Aggie contacts grandson Dylan back home for a spell from her book , and Dylan and Sophie discover the book is missing . Marnie and Aggie learn that Kal is actually a warlock , and the son of their enemy Kalabar . Kal broke the Code of Merlin , a way of life for magical beings , by stealing Aggie 's book to limit her ability to hinder his attempt to complete his father 's revenge on both Halloweentown and the mortal world . Aggie believes that if he is willing to go that far , then there is nothing that they can put past him . Aggie searches for her spare copy of her spell book at her house in Halloweentown , but it is missing and she despairs . During a conversation between Aggie and Marnie , about another way to reverse the " Grey Spell , " Marnie inadvertently says the spell " Trap a " which reverts Luke back to his goblin form . Unable to explain the spells ' reversal , the group soon believes that it is temporary . The trio travel to the lair of the well known junk magnet of the universe , Gort , who acquires lost items from both realms . He had been discolored by the Grey Spell and had sold the spare spell book some time ago . Unfortunately Aggie loses her color and sorts socks with Gort and everyone is trapped in his house . Marnie uses time travel to go back before the black and white happened . Unfortunately , when they get there , they learn that Gort had sold the spare spellbook to Kalabar about 50 years prior . By remembering what things Marnie had been , hastefully , saying back when Luke returned to normal , they learn that , in her haste , she said " trap a " as " trapa " , which is " Apart " spelled backwards . Despite being able to use a wizard 's lost time - line , to speed up getting back to the present . They arrive too late and the portal shuts tight with a big , strong , metal , bulletproof door , trapping Marnie in Halloweentown . Kal , having enspelled Halloweentown into a monochrome talkie caricature of the mortal world , is now at work enspelling the mortal world into a Super Technirama 70 monster movie caricature of Halloweentown . Sophie and Dylan realize that Alex , believed to be Kal 's father , was actually a golem intended to distract Gwen . To make their mom believe that , Sophie creates a fly . Alex , being made of frogs , eats the fly and ends up getting dispelled by a furious Gwen . Being informed of Kal 's plot to turn humans into the creatures they " mock " on Halloween , Gwen tries to take off her mask , but it does n't work . Kal has made the mask stick to her face . He then continues his spell ; they are to late as chaos as endured throughout the mortal world . Dylan and Sophie hid from the monster humans . Marnie , trapped in Halloweentown , frees Aggie , but refuses to accept they are locked in . She contacts her siblings through a shrunken head , and they create a new spell that forces the portal between Halloweentown and the mortal world to reopen permanently . An angry Kal confronts Marnie , who mocks him and demands for the book . Kal produces vines and takes both spell books in an attempt to prove his own superiority , which fails when Marnie takes them from his hands . Kal then is sent away by the vines , apparently according to his own desire , and the family breaks the spells . Aggie undoes all the damage then after a talk with Gwen head to head , setting things right in both the mortal world and Halloweentown .
Nat positive Gladden <$> Professional burglar Nat Harbin and his two associates , Baylock and Dohmer , set their sights on wealthy spiritualist Sister Sarah , who has inherited a fortune — including a renowned emerald necklace — from a Philadelphia financier . Using Nat 's female ward , Gladden , to pose as an admirer and case the mansion where the woman lives , they set up what looks like a perfect break - in ; even when Nat 's car is spotted by a couple of cops , he bluffs his way through , gets the necklace , and makes the getaway . But the trio — plus Gladden — ca n't agree on how to dispose of the necklace , and soon their bickering becomes a lot less important than the fact that someone is on to what they 've done — a woman is working on Nat , while a man is working on Gladden . Equally serious , the trio kills a New Jersey state trooper while on their way to warn her . And among the cops chasing them is one with larceny in his heart and murder on his mind .
Andre negative Peter <$> In 1938 , refugee Peter Vadassy decides to take a vacation at the Hotel Reserve to celebrate both his completion of medical school and his impending French citizenship . When he goes to pick up some photographs at the local pharmacy , he is taken away and questioned by Michel Beghin of French naval intelligence . When his negatives had been developed , some of them turned out to be of French military installations . It is discovered that while the camera is the same make as Peter 's , the serial number is different . Peter is released on condition that he find out which other hotel guests have cameras like his . Peter does some snooping and eavesdrops on a suspicious conversation between Paul Heimberger and the hotel 's proprietor , Madame Suzanne Koch . He searches Heimberger 's room and finds several passports , all with different names and nationalities . Heimberger catches him in the act , but eventually matters are straightened out . Heimberger explains that he was originally a Social Democratic newspaper publisher who was anti-Nazi and been sent to a concentration camp for two years . After he was released , he joined an underground movement against the German regime . Peter spots his camera in the pocket of a dressing - gown belonging to Odette Roux and Andre , a couple on their honeymoon . Andre first tries to bribe Peter into giving him the negative and , when that fails , threatens him with a pistol . The police arrive at that moment and arrest Peter for espionage . The Rouxs leave the hotel , but find Heimberger trying to disable the hotel 's car . Andre shoots him dead and the couple speed off to Toulon , unaware that they are being tracked by the police . Beghin had known the identity of the spies all along and merely used Peter to further his true goal ; to find out who the Rouxs are reporting to . The spy ring is captured . Andre gets away , but is caught on a roof by Peter . Andre slips and falls to his death .
Ajay negative Jaya ; Ajay neutral Saraswati ; Saraswati neutral Jaya <$> Ajay an intelligent ex-student of the S. T. School is appointed in the same school as a teacher . Jaya who studies in his class harasses him by playing mischievous pranks . Ajay 's refusal to enter into a romantic relationship with Jaya upsets her . She challenges him that she will one day become his wife . In a hurry he marries Saraswati , an illiterate orphan girl . Jaya befriends Saraswati by teaching her everything from cooking to reading and writing . One day , some terrorists attack the school and take the children as hostages . Ajay , Jaya and all are trapped . Now , can Ajay succeed in saving school children , by destroying the terrorists ? It is a Remake of 1992 Telugu film Sundarakanda starring Venkatesh , which was a remake of Tamil film Sundara Kandam starring K. Bhagyaraj and Bhanupriya .
Regiment negative Indian <$> The movie is based on the events surrounding the death of Capt Anuj Nayyar , MVC of 17 Jat Regiment of the Indian Army , who was killed in anti insurgency operations in the southwest sector of Tiger Hill on July 5 , 1999 as part of the Kargil conflict . The story of the Kapoor family in the film depicts the real events that happened in the lives of the Nayyar family.http : / / www.mid-day.com/news/2009/jul/220709-Anuj-Nayyar-Operation-Vijay-matryr-Kargil-war-Prof-SK-Nayyar-Mahavir-Chakra-proud-father.htmhttp://ikashmir.net/kargilheroes/anuj.htmlhttp://ibnlive.in.com/news/martyrs-father-fights-corruption/25677-3.html Capt Rohit Kapoor is a young officer in the 17 Jat Regiment of the Indian Army . His father Prof S K Kapoor , is a professor of economics in the Delhi School of Economics . His mother Sarita Kapoor , is a librarian at the Delhi University Central Library . He is engaged to be married to Pihu Verma . The storyline of the movie takes place between 1999 – 2002 , beginning with the death of Captain Kapoor while successfully defeating insurgents to capture Pt 4875 on the western side of Tiger Hill , Kargil . The news is a huge shock to his family and the first half of the film portrays their attempts to cope with their grief . They receive messages of condolence from various high government officials as they attempt to come to terms with their loss . As compensation for the loss of their son , the government allots them a franchise for running a petrol pump . Mrs Kapoor is aghast at such an offer , and the family is not inclined to avail of this compensation . However after a visit from Major Kaul , Capt Kapoor 's commanding officer , Prof.Kapoor and Pihu feel it might be a worthy site to commemorate the memory of Rohit and decide to take up the offer . However , as they attempt to make this dream a reality , they encounter massive corruption and red tape at various levels of Indian bureaucracy . They are threatened and humiliated by various government officials and hooligans . However , the family perseveres in the face of immense odds and continues to struggle . The latter half of the film narrates the story of their mission .
Lachi positive Mulla ; Bharathan negative Mulla <$> Lachi is a 19 - year - old hard - working girl who supported her family after her father 's mysterious death . While she was travelling on a train , Mulla ( [ [ Dileep and his gang enter . They argue over silly issues , and he discovers a baby in a bag on the train . They try to find the baby 's parents but fail . Mulla decides to adopt the child , and slowly Mulla and Lachi become lovers . However , CI Bharathan , who actually murdered Lachi 's father and also the baby 's parents , wants a break - up between the two , to keep his secrets . Finally , Mulla and Bharathan get into a fight , and Mulla kills Bharathan . However , Lachi tells the police that she committed the murder and goes to prison . After five years , when she returns , she finds that Mulla has lost one leg in a fight , between the colony residents and the police . The colony residents had started a new business , and they all are having a good life now , and the only thing they had lacked is Lachi 's presence . Lachi and Mulla finally unite .
Dexter positive Finner <$> Captain William W. Morgan is a well - respected businessman who owns a fleet of whaling ships in the Quaker town of New Bedford , Massachusetts . He is very close to his shy , obedient daughter , Patience , and tells her that she must marry a man who is a whaler and a Quaker , like him . His son and daughter - in - law were lost ten years before while on a whaling expedition ; eventually , their baby , his granddaughter Dot , was found floating near shore on a raft made of branches . He has raised her ever since . Dot is a mischievous , rebellious child , who wants to be a whaler when she grows up , an ambition that is not acceptable for a female among her people . One day , a childhood friend of Patience 's , Allan Dexter arrives in town , recently back from college . He and Patience renew their acquaintance and fall in love . He goes to ask Captain Morgan for permission to marry Patience , but Captain Morgan turns him out of the house , informing him that he is not a suitable husband for her because he is neither a Quaker nor a whaler . Meanwhile , Samuel Siggs , an effeminate Chinese man masquerading as a white man , connives to steal Captain Morgan 's ships to transport African gold . He dresses up as a Quaker and acquires a position of authority in Morgan 's business by pretending to be an experienced whaler . After spying Morgan 's pretty daughter Patience , he also plans to finagle his way into marrying her . Learning of Dexter 's love for her , he has his fellow con artist Jake Finner , " fearless , lawless and godless " , drug the young man 's drink and has him kidnapped , tied up , and placed on the next outgoing whaling vessel , hoping never to see him again . Also on the ship is Dot , who has dressed as a boy and stowed away below deck . Because of their disappearance , it is rumored that Dexter and Dot joined the Oregon Wagon Train and have gone west together . Miles out to sea , Dexter is untied and immediately put to work . Wanting to prove himself to Morgan , he decides to put all his effort into working long hard hours to win his chance to harpoon a whale , which would make him an accomplished whalesman . Meanwhile Jake Finner , who has killed the captain and taken over the ship , finds Dot , discovers she is a girl , and attacks her . Because he has been treating the men on board like slaves , they mutiny against Finner , appointing Dexter as Captain , while Dot 's friend Jimmie , the cabin boy , rescues her from Finner 's clutches . After harpooning a whale and learning why he was abducted , Dexter arranges to have the vessel return to port . Meanwhile , Captain Morgan has fallen ill , fears that he is dying , and commands Patience to marry Siggs as his last wish . She reluctantly agrees . Dexter arrives just in time to save Patience from her terrible fate , and the lovers are reunited at the end . The last scene of the film is a memorable shot of 16 year old Clara Bow frolicking in a brightly lit field of flowers .
Chanti positive Krishna <$> Chanti respects his uncle Rama Krishna ( [ [ Krishna more than his father Purshrotam ( [ [ Chandra Mohan . Rama Krishna has enmity with Umapathi because of something that happened 20 years ago . Later , Chanti is kicked out of their house because of some misunderstandings and now Umapathi is ready to put Rama Krishna down . How Chanti secretly helps Rama Krishna in bringing the enemy down and reunites with his family forms the rest of the story .
Max negative Amy <$> Max Washington , just released from prison after serving time for burglary , is a talented tap dancer . His late father owned a dance studio that is now run by Little Mo , whose daughter Amy Simms gives lessons to children . Back on the streets , Max is n't interested in dancing again but he is interested in seeing Amy , his former girlfriend . A local gangster , Nicky , does n't care for Max personally but does try to recruit him to take part in a robbery . Amy has a job as dancer in an upcoming Broadway show and tells its choreographer about Max , hoping to land him a role in the chorus . Max is reluctant to agree to it , then incensed when he is humiliated during the auditions . Max must decide whether to swallow his pride and dance the way the man wants , or give up his art once and for all and return to a life of crime .
Talley positive Smith ; Kevin negative Dennis ; Talley neutral Dennis ; Jennifer neutral Talley <$> Former SWAT officer Jeff Talley is a hostage negotiator in Los Angeles . Talley is negotiating with a man who has taken his wife and son hostage after learning she has been cheating on him . Talley denies a SWAT commander 's request to give snipers the green light to take out the suspect . There are three gunshots in the house . Talley runs through the barricaded door and finds the man and his wife dead . In the boy 's room he finds the son , who passes away in Talley 's arms . This leaves Talley emotionally scarred . He moves with his family to become police chief in Bristo Camino , a peaceful suburban hamlet in Ventura County , California . A year after the incident , Talley finds himself in another hostage situation . Two teenagers , Dennis and his brother Kevin , and their mysterious accomplice Marshall " Mars " Krupcheck take hostage Walter Smith and his two children , a teenager and a young child , in Smith 's house after a failed robbery attempt . The first officer to respond , Carol Flores , is brutally shot twice by Mars just before Talley and a fellow officer arrive . Talley attempts to rescue the seriously injured officer , who dies in front of him . Traumatized and unwilling to put himself through yet another life - or - death situation , Talley hands authority over to the Ventura County Sheriff 's Department and leaves . Smith has been laundering money for a mysterious criminal syndicate through offshore shell corporations . He was preparing to turn over a batch of important encrypted files when he was taken hostage . To protect such incriminating evidence from discovery , the syndicate orders someone known only as the Watchman to kidnap Talley 's wife and daughter . Talley is told to return to the hostage scene and stall for time until the organization can launch its own attack against Smith 's house . Dennis has his partners Mars and Kevin tie up the kids . Dennis pistol - whips Walter , knocking him out , then finds a large amount of cash . In attempt to end the standoff , Talley meets with Dennis and agrees to provide a helicopter in exchange for half the money . When the helicopter arrives , Dennis and Kevin bring the money to Talley in the courtyard and prepare to leave , but Mars refuses to leave without Jennifer . Talley tries to get the boys to leave Jennifer and walk away , but he says that the helicopter will only carry three additional people , and insists that Jennifer stay behind . The deal breaks down as the boys return to the house . Talley tells the chopper to stand down and he exits the courtyard . Kevin is upset that his older brother picked Mars over him and confronts Dennis , demanding he make a decision : it 's either him or Mars . Dennis picks the money and Kevin is even more upset so he grabs the bags full of money and empties them onto the floor , so Dennis punches him . Thomas escapes , grabs his father 's gun and talks to Talley on Jennifer 's cell phone . Talley learns that Mars is a killer , who could turn on the hostages and his own accomplices at any moment . Mars does , in fact , kill Kevin , just when Kevin is about to release the kids to the police . Dennis comes to Kevin 's side and assumes the cops killed him . Mars then shoots Dennis . The brothers die in each other 's arms . The syndicate sends fake FBI agents to recover the DVD and they storm the house . Mars is stabbed in the cheek by Jennifer . She and her brother flee . They lock themselves in the house 's panic room . Talley hears the children screaming as they flee . Mars throws a Molotov Cocktail at Talley , destroying his patrol car . Mars begins to kill the majority of the fake FBI agents using his pistol and multiple Molotov Cocktails , but is shot in the side by the only surviving agent . The agent tracks down Talley and the children , demanding to be given the encrypted DVD . Talley gives him the DVD . Mars reappears , distracting the agent long enough to be killed by Talley . Mars prepares to throw the last bomb and kill everyone in the room . He collapses to his knees , weakened by the wounds in his torso and blood loss . He makes eye contact with Jennifer , with whom he was apparently infatuated , then drops the Molotov Cocktail . Mars dies , setting himself on fire and vanishing in a pillar of flame . Talley evacuates the hostages . He and Walter Smith then go to the inn where Talley 's wife and daughter are being held hostage by the Watchman and other masked men . Smith , set free by Talley and grateful for his own family being saved , shoots the Watchman in the head . This allows Talley to kill the other masked gunmen . Talley 's family is safe .
Cowboy neutral Dooley <$> Lone super-quick gunslinger " nameless " Cowboy on the run from a rancher and his men out to kill him for killing his son . When former Confederate soldier saw how can Cowboy defend himself , even dropping a drink , pulling and shooting a guy , and catching his drink before it hits the floor . Cowboy gets mixed up with this soldier who has knowledge of hidden gold . So , Cowboy and Dooley , the Soldier tries to complete their map and find the gold because Dooley has only one part of the map . And also Col. Skinner on the tale of Dooley . When Cowboy and Dooley free a man with part of the map to the gold , they then are also pursued by Spanish soldiers . It all leads to a small Mexican town terrorized by soldiers and led a by a good priest who is another one which has knowledge of the hidden gold . Hidden gold
Jordan positive Hunter ; Dragomir positive Hunter ; Jordan neutral Varcolac ; Paulina negative Dragomir ; Jordan negative Paulina ; Goran positive Tiffany <$> Jordan Sands , is an allergy - prone , awkward , nerdy 17 - year - old girl forced to be the woman of the house after her mother ’s death and has often been bullied by popular girls Ashley Edwards and Tiffany . Her embittered widower father David is struggling to make ends meet while her younger brother Hunter drives his family crazy with gory pranks . Their financial woes may be relieved when they inherit their Great Uncle Dragomir Ducovic ’s castle in Wolfsberg , Romania . After arriving in Wolfsberg during Moonlight Mania which honors the famous Wolfsberg Beast , they meet the strange and steely housekeeper of the castle Madame Varcolac , which strangely , everytime someone utters her name , a wolf is heard howling . Having spent most of her life as the Wolfsberg Manor housekeeper , Madame Varcolac discourages David from selling the property , but real estate agent Paulina Von Eckberg has other plans in mind and begins dating David to win him over . The Sands ’ strange visit soon goes awry when a freak lab accident in which a vial of LB - 217 was broken and Jordan accidentally steps on it . After Hunter removes the vial shard from the sole of Jordan 's foot , Jordan starts to develop a transformation into a werewolf , signs such as the desire to eat meat , play with dogs , and she begins growing fur that continuously regrows even after waxing & her getting new irises that are lighter blue as wolf eyes . Hunter 's paranormal expert friends claim Jordan has to be a werewolf and explain that Jordan had 3 ways : Having a bloodline werewolf , getting bitten or being infected by werewolf blood & they explain that LB - 217 was an old Latin term for werewolf blood by the ancient Greek king , Lycaon , who caused the lycanthropy myth . Succumbing to the changes , Jordan becomes graceful , athletic , and self - confident as well as being able to see without her glasses . Jordan 's dark side is dangerous to others and the change befuddles her new suitor Goran , the town ’s young attractive butcher . Her first transformation occurred after her date with Goran where she almost attacks Hunter before David comes home causing her to retreat into the woods , which Hunter becomes aware of a foreshock before the transformation , seeing Jordan 's wolf eyes . In order to salvage her crush and return back to her normal self , Jordan must rely on Hunter to save her before it is too late . Hunter 's occult - expert friends say that if Jordan stays a werewolf throughout a full moon night , she will remain living as a human who will transform into a werewolf & back for the rest of her entire life . The only way to lift the curse is to kill Jordan with a silver bullet , which Hunter refuses to carry out . As Hunter tries to find a way to reverse Jordan 's curse , he stumbles onto Varcolac , who reveals to Hunter that she knows of Jordan 's curse , and has once lived with a cursed being herself : Uncle Dragomir . She reveals to Hunter and Jordan that their Uncle Dragomir was the Wolfsberg Beast , a kind and gentle man who was a brilliant scientist and humanitarian ; he researched a way to reverse the werewolf curse so that others would n't be forced to live the same cruel fate he had . He led an army of werewolves into a war many years ago when a clan of evil vampires attempted to rule the world ; the werewolves took the victory and the Wolfsberg country became sacred land where the Wolfsberg Manor now stands . With Dragomir dead , Varcolac fears that the vampires will try to rule the world by killing Jordan . Jordan offers to have her become the new Wolfsberg Beast to protect the castle , but Varcolac says that only a blood - line werewolf can become the protector . The three of them go into town collecting supplies for the werewolf cure . As it turns out , Paulina is an evil vampire who wants to take over Wolfsberg Manor . It is revealed that she killed Uncle Dragomir and Jordan is next . She captures Jordan , Hunter and David , attempting to kill Jordan with a silver bullet . Hunter , desperate to save everyone , sights the full moon and begins stages of the transformation Jordan experienced for a few days in only a matter of seconds & becomes a werewolf . Hunter and Paulina battle for a while , Hunter calls Jordan by howling & Jordan returns to fight while Varcolac continues to finish the cure & notices the rising sun . Jordan & Hunter become aware of this & finally manage to vaporize the vampires by pushing them into the lights . Jordan saves Hunter from a blow by tackling Paulina & putting her into the sunlight . Everyone returns to Wolfsberg Manor and Varcolac cures Jordan of her werewolf curse minutes before the effects would become permanent . The lawyer in charge of Dragomir 's estate allows Varcolac to continue working there , and gives the Sands the money they inherited from Dragomir . Hunter becomes the Wolfsberg Beast to take Dragomir 's place , howling in werewolf form from a mountain outside the town during the Wolfsberg festival that honors him . The family returns to the U.S. where Jordan returns to school , more secure and confident , with a new fashion sense and worshiped by Tiffany and Ashley and dates Goran , who transferred to the school . David has also begun dating again having made sure that he has seen his latest date in the day . Unbeknownst to the Sands family , Paulina was not killed , but severely injured and in a body - cast , and moves in as the Sands ' neighbor in the final scene . Before the credits roll , the characters of the film are seen doing a karaoke of the song " Baby One More Time . "
Carlo neutral Margaret ; Carlo positive Esther <$> With her marriage to womaniser Carlo Landi in ashes , wealthy and childless Margaret Landi finds an emotional outlet in patronising a 15 - year - old deaf , dumb , and blind Irish girl named Esther Costello . Esther 's disabilities are the result of a childhood trauma and are psychosomatic rather than physical . As Costello makes progress with Braille and sign language , she is seen as an example of triumph over adversity . Carlo gets wind of Margaret 's new life and re-enters the scene . He views Esther as a source of cheap financial gain and arranges a series of exploitative tours for her under a mercenary manager . One day when Margaret is absent from the Landi apartment , Carlo seduces and rapes the now 16 - year - old Esther . The shock restores the girl 's sight and hearing . When Margaret learns of her husband 's business duplicities and the rape , she consigns Esther to the care of a priest and a young reporter who loves her , then kills Carlo and herself .
Joe positive Jane ; Joe positive Lucy <$> Joe MacGonaughgill and Lucy Ackerman are roommates and best friends living in a small Manhattan apartment . Lucy is turning thirty and her love life is embarrassingly dull . Joe on the other hand is infatuated with his attractive neighbor Jane . Lucy then decides to form a death pact with Joe like they 'd had back in college . If they do not both find true love by the time Lucy turns thirty , then they will both jump off the Brooklyn Bridge . Jane comes to an artwork show of Joe 's where Joe finally gathers up the courage to ask her out , while Lucy begins dating Bwick Elias , a weirdo artist who paints with his own body parts . Joe soon realizes that Jane is n't who he thought she ought to be . Bwick also turns out to be " no Joe " for Lucy . It is at this point that Joe and Lucy realize that they are perfect for each other .
Andrew negative Belo ; Frankie negative Andrew ; Alameida negative Houseman <$> { { Anchor } } The film opens in the Brazilian village of Belo Quinto , with Father Andrew Kiernan , a former scientist and ordained Jesuit priest who investigates supposed miracles , examining a statue of the Virgin of Guadalupe weeping blood at the funeral of Father Paulo Alameida . While Andrew is collecting evidence , a young boy steals the rosary from the father 's hand.The boy later sells it to a woman in a marketplace , who sends it to her daughter Frankie Paige living in Pittsburgh . Shortly after , Frankie is attacked by an unseen force while bathing , and receives two deep wounds on her wrists . As the wounds are treated at the hospital the doctors can not find the cause beyond that they are puncture wounds and go all the way through the wrist . Frankie goes to work the next day , but on the way home on the subway approaches a priest and asks if he is Andrew Kiernan . After the priest tells her he is Father Derning , the lights in the train begin to flash , and Frankie holds onto the bars lining the ceiling as she is whipped from behind by an unseen force , Father Derning watching in horror . While Frankie is hospitalized again , the priest sends security tapes showing the attack to the Vatican , and Andrew is sent to investigate . Andrew meets Frankie , who tells him she has been expecting him , and Andrew interviews her , believing her wounds may be stigmata . When she tells him she is an atheist , Andrew tells her that stigmatics are universally spiritual people , and that stigmata is when the deeply devoted are struck with the same five wounds that Jesus Christ received during the crucifixion - thus far Frankie has been impaled through the wrists and whipped . Frankie walks away and begins to research on her own what could be the cause to no avail . Later while at a nightclub , Frankie 's head begins to bleed , the third stigmata wound caused by the Crown of Thorns . Frankie runs home , where Andrew is waiting , then runs into an alley . As Andrew pursues her , Frankie smashes a glass bottle and uses the shards to carve symbols on the hood of a car : when Andrew approaches her , she yells at him in another language . Andrew takes Frankie to Father Derning 's church , and the Vatican translates what she was yelling as Aramaic , the language of Christ . Frankie goes home , and the next morning Andrew returns to her apartment to find her writing in marker on the wall , now covered in Aramaic . When questioned , Frankie responds in a male voice speaking Italian , then collapses on the bed . Frankie goes out and walks the streets with Andrew , when she collapses as wounds appear in her feet , the fourth wound of stigmata . Andrew emails photographs of Frankie 's apartment wall to the Vatican , where Brother Delmonico recognizes the words and deletes the pictures and tells Andrew the words are from a document the church found that looked to be an entirely new gospel . Father Dario retrieves the pictures and shows them to Cardinal Daniel Houseman , who also recognizes them . Meanwhile , Delmonico phones Marion Petrocelli and tells him the missing gospel has been found in Pittsburgh . In Pittsburgh , Andrew goes to Frankie 's apartment to find the wall she wrote on painted over , and Frankie attempts to seduce him . When Andrew rejects her she attacks him , wind blowing through the apartment as Frankie denounces Andrew 's beliefs in a male voice , ending with Frankie levitating off the bed crying tears of blood . Houseman and Dario arrive at the apartment with Derning and take Frankie to another church , sending Andrew to Derning 's . At Derning 's church Andrew meets Petrocelli , who tells him the words Frankie has been writing are part of a document found outside Jerusalem that they believed to be a gospel in the exact words of Jesus Christ . Petrocelli , Delmonico and Alameida were assigned to translate it , but Houseman ordered them to stop . Alameida refused and stole the document to continue translating it alone , having been excommunicated by Houseman . Petrocelli tells Andrew that the document was Jesus telling his disciples that the kingdom of God is all around them and not confined to churches , a revelation that could ruin the Catholic Church . Petrocelli also tells Andrew that Alameida suffered from stigmata . Andrew races to the church where Frankie is while Houseman and Dario attempt to perform an exorcism on Frankie . Frankie shouts at them in a male voice , and Houseman dismisses Dario and the present nuns before attempting to strangle Frankie . Andrew arrives and stops him , and the fireplaces in the room erupt and set the room on fire . Now believing Frankie is possessed by Alameida 's spirit , Andrew offers to be Alameida 's messenger instead . He walks unharmed through the fire to retrieve Frankie , bidding Alameida 's spirit to depart in peace . Some time later , Andrew returns to Belo Quinto and finds the original documents for the lost gospel under the floorboards of Alameida 's church . The film ends with a screen of text describing the discovery of the Gospel of Thomas , believed according to the film to be the closest thing to the actual words of Jesus while alive : the film states the Catholic Church refuses to recognize the document as a gospel and considers it heresy .
her positive John ; her neutral Valerie <$> When spoiled younger sister Valerie Colby becomes engaged to be married to Dennis Moore , a more level - headed Joan decides to do the same , not because she is in love , but in order to make something of herself . She chooses unambitious , wealthy playboy John Fletcher , who owns a troubled shipping line . She eventually spends the night in his apartment . To Joan 's annoyance , over the following months , she finds herself falling in love . When John shows no interest in marrying her , Joan forces the issue . She arranges for her father , Colonel Sam Colby , to find them in a compromising position . John graciously agrees to do the honorable thing and marry Joan . However , on their honeymoon cruise , he lets her know that he expects her to grant him a divorce after a decent interval . They settle on six months . Joan prods her husband into taking an interest in his family business . To his surprise , he finds that he enjoys it . As the new Postmaster General is a good friend of her father 's , Joan invites him to dinner , hoping to land a government contract . Meanwhile , Valerie goes into debt due to her extravagant spending habits and borrows from her big sister over and over again . Joan gives Valerie all she can afford without touching John 's money . Finally , she pawns a ring for half the latest sum Valerie needs , but tells her that it is the last time . That same day , John finally realizes that he loves his wife . However , when he goes home , Valerie goes to John behind Joan 's back and cons him into give her a check . Joan finds out and tears up the check . In her anger , Valerie blurts out how Joan trapped John into marriage . Disillusioned , he turns to his former paramour , Mrs. Monica Paige . Joan follows them to Monica 's apartment and confesses all , including the fact that she has fallen in love with him , to no avail . She then tries to salvage her dinner party . To her delight , John shows up and makes it clear that he believes and forgives her .
her negative Pawar ; Anand neutral Ramakrishna ; Ramakrishna neutral her ; Ramakrishna neutral Sirisha <$> Movie starts in Mumbai when mafia leader Ashok Deva is on an unending war with his opponent Pawar . Deva has a cute family with two sisters Sirisha and Priya , wife Gauthami and his right hand Shiva . Gauthami is killed by Pawar group on her birthday and she takes last word from her husband to leave this violence and lead a peaceful life away from mafia . Respecting her words , Deva along with her sisters and Shiva leave to a small village Gandhipuram in East Godavari district to start his new life while Pawar group thinks that Deva is dead . Chakrapani is head of this village with two sons Anand and Ramakrishna . Ramakrishna is a notorious guy in the village who bashes up the bad respecting his father ’s principles , who is chased by his maradalu while Anand is a medico who is in love with classmate Sirisha . Feared of their parents not accepting their marriage , both of them elope to their uncle Subba Rao ’s residence in Mumbai . Now , Ramakrishna and Priya along with Shiva reach Mumbai in search of this eloped couple only to get targeted by mafia again . Pawar wants to finish Shiva and Priya but are saved by Ramakrishna who later knows about the flash back of Deva . Ramakrishna now takes on the responsibility of his brother ’s marriage with Sirisha and bring them back to Gandhipuram but to be continuously chased by this mafia . At last when both the families agree for the marriage of Ramakrishna with Priya and Anand with Sirisha , here comes back mafia Pawar to take the movie to climax . Who won this mafia war ? Did Ramakrishna win his love ? What happened to Deva ?
Robert negative Derek ; Giles positive Kaihoro ; Frank neutral Kaihoro ; Frank negative Robert ; Frank positive Ozzy ; Lord negative Derek <$> The Astro Investigation and Defence Service sends Derek , Frank , Ozzy , and Barry to investigate the disappearance of everyone in the town of Kaihoro , New Zealand . They find the town has been overrun by space aliens disguised as humans . Barry kills one of the aliens and is attacked by others . After Derek notifies Frank and Ozzy , he begins torturing Robert , an alien they caught earlier . Robert 's screaming attracts a number of aliens in the area . Derek kills the would - be rescuers , but he is attacked by Robert and falls over a cliff , to his presumed death . Meanwhile , a charity collector named Giles is passing through Kaihoro . He is attacked by Robert , who has been eating the brains of the alien killed earlier by Barry . Giles escapes in his car and stops at a nearby house for help . Another alien answers the door and captures Giles . He later wakes up in a tub of water and is told he is about to be eaten . Derek also wakes up to find that he landed in a seagull 's nest . He also finds that his brain is leaking out the back of his head , so he stuffs it back in and uses a hat to hold it in place . That night , Frank , Ozzy , and Barry sneak into the aliens ' house and find a room filled with bloody cardboard boxes . They kidnap an alien and Frank wears its shirt to infiltrate an alien meeting . He finds out that Kaihoro is being harvested for alien fast food . Robert vomits into a bowl , which the aliens dine on , including the disguised Frank . He escapes and tells the team members of the plan . They sneak out to save Giles as the aliens sleep . At sunrise , they try to leave but are attacked by the aliens . Derek 's hat is shot off , and he starts losing more of his brain , so he uses his belt as a headband . He grabs a chainsaw from the boot of his car and heads for the alien house . As the boys leave with Robert , the alien leader and his followers transform into their true form and follow . Ozzy uses a rocket launcher to blow up Frank 's car , which has been overrun by aliens . Frank and Ozzy hunt for Lord Crumb and kill a lot of aliens along the way . Meanwhile , Derek kills an alien with his chainsaw and replaces the missing parts of his brain with alien brain . An alien prepares to shoot Frank and Ozzy , but it is beheaded by Derek after he bursts through the wall behind it . Frank and Ozzy are shocked to see him alive . As they run , Lord Crumb shoots Ozzy in the leg and Frank fires his rocket launcher at the leader , but it misses and almost hits Derek , finally taking out a sheep in a nearby meadow . Derek is knocked out by the alien leader and the house transforms into a giant space ship , which blasts off into space with Derek still aboard . On board , Derek looks out the window to see that he is leaving Earth . Lord Crumb hears a strange , loud noise and investigates . He is killed by Derek , who ambushes him and cuts the alien in half with his chainsaw . Derek proclaims into his phone : " I 'm born again ! I 'm coming to get you bastards ! " He then puts on the alien leader 's skin , laughing maniacally as he rockets towards the alien planet . On Earth , the guys drive away into the sunset in Derek 's car .
Scully negative FBI ; Scully positive Mulder ; FBI neutral Joe ; Scully negative Joe ; Whitney negative Dacyshyn ; Dacyshyn negative Mulder ; Tomczeszyn positive Mulder <$> Dana Scully , a former FBI agent , is now a staff physician at a Catholic hospital ; she is treating Christian , a young boy with Sandhoff disease . FBI agent Mosely Drummy approaches Scully for help in locating her former partner , Fox Mulder , who has been in hiding as a fugitive since the events of the series finale . Drummy states that the FBI will call off its manhunt for Mulder if he helps investigate the disappearances of several women in Virginia , the latest of whom is a young FBI agent named Monica Bannan . Scully agrees and convinces a reluctant Mulder to help . The duo is taken to Washington , D.C. , where Agent Dakota Whitney wants Mulder 's expertise with the paranormal as they have been led to a clue — a severed human arm — by Father Joeseph Fitzgerald Crissman . He is a former priest defrocked for the child molestation of thirty - seven altar boys , and claims God is sending him visions of the crimes . Whitney and Drummy take Father Joe and Mulder to the kidnapped Bannan 's home , where the former priest overcomes the others ' skepticism when , in anguish and on his knees in inexplicable pain , he begins to bleed from his eyes . A second woman , driving home after swimming in a natatorium , is run off the road by a truck driven by Janke Dacyshyn , who then abducts her . Father Joe is again recruited for help with the second abducted woman . After a grueling nighttime search in a snow covered field , he leads the FBI to what turns out to be a frozen burial ground of people and body parts . Analysis of the remains , and a car crash of a recent missing person , eventually leads them to Dacyshyn , an organ transporter in Richmond , Virginia , and his husband , Franz Tomczeszyn who was among the youths Father Joe sexually abused . Later , Scully goes to Father Joe 's apartment to confront him about his religious visions , particularly the cryptic message he directed to her : " Do n't give up . " To her despair , he says he knows nothing more about those visions than what he had told the FBI , and then collapses suffering a seizure , as we are shown at the same moment Tomczeszyn — who now possesses an extremely feminine arm — begins to suffer a seizure too . Scully calls for an ambulance , and later learns that Father Joe , who is admitted to Our Lady of Sorrows , suffers from advanced lung cancer . During an FBI raid on the organ donor facility where Dacyshyn works , he ends up escaping , leaving Bannan 's severed head at the scene . Mulder , who accompanied Whitney on the raid , chases Dacyshyn to a building construction site . Whitney follows , and is killed when Dacyshyn pushes her down an elevator shaft . Scully , seeking a resolution , asks Joe , who has not yet heard of the discovery of Bannan 's head , if he senses that she is still alive . He replies that she is . Discouraged but still determined , Mulder decides to investigate the incidents further . He starts by driving Scully 's car to Nutter 's Feed Store in a small town near the abductions , as the human remains contain acepromazine , an animal tranquilizer . When Dacyshyn coincidentally arrives moments later , Mulder slips out and follows him . Dacyshyn notices him , however , and runs the car off the road . Mulder survives and manages to tail Dacyshyn , who must exit his truck after the engine fails , to a small compound in a former barn . Mulder enters , and the commotion caused by a two - headed guard dog 's attack brings Dacyshyn out from one of the buildings . The compound is for a makeshift east - European medical team that has been murdering people and stealing their organs for years . The field where Father Joe had earlier discovered the bodies turned out to be their dumping ground . Mulder enters the building to find that the team has been using the organs and body parts in an attempt to keep Tomczeszyn alive ; at the moment they are attempting to place Tomczeszyn 's head on the body of the second abducted woman , and the stitching makes it clear this is not the first time they have tried this . Mulder tries to save her from the gruesome fate , but a doctor comes from behind and injects him with tranquilizer . Helpless , Mulder is taken outside to be murdered by Dacyshyn . When Scully can not reach Mulder on his cell phone , she calls Agent Drummy , who refuses to help her . Undaunted , she next contacts her old FBI superior , Director Walter Skinner , for help . They triangulate the phone 's location and find Scully 's wrecked car , eventually making their way through the snow to find a rural mailbox whose address , 25 - 2 , corresponds to a Biblical chapter and verse , Proverbs 25:2 , from which Father Joe had quoted to Scully before having the seizure . They race to the address where Mulder is about to be axed by Dacyshyn . Scully attacks him in an ensuing confrontation , incapacitating him , while Skinner breaks up the medical procedure before the young woman is beheaded . Later , Mulder is at home when Scully tells him Father Joe has died . It happened at the same moment , Mulder notes , that Scully disconnected the life support to Tomczeszyn 's severed head . Somehow , he surmises , the two men 's fates were linked by more than just visions . Scully remains troubled by Father Joe 's advice , " Do n't give up " , and expresses doubts about Christian 's surgery , due to the words of a molesting priest . Mulder comforts her , suggesting that they can leave — and get as far away from the darkness as possible . When the moment of surgery comes , however , Scully pauses a moment , turns and sees three nuns , and then forges ahead with the risky procedure . In a post-credits scene , Mulder and Scully are seen rowing towards a tropical island , wearing swimsuits , and waving to a helicopter hovering overhead .
Zahra neutral Soraya ; Soraya negative Ali <$> Stranded in the remote Iranian village of Kuhpayeh by car trouble , a journalist is approached by Zahra , a woman with a harrowing tale to tell about her niece , Soraya , and the bloody circumstances of Soraya 's death , by stoning , the previous day . The two sit down as Zahra recounts the story to Freidoune , who records the conversation with his tape recorder . The journalist must escape with his life to tell the story to the rest of the world . Ali is the abusive husband of Soraya who tries to get the village 's mullah to convince Soraya to grant him a divorce so that he can marry a 14 - year - old . Ali 's marriage to the teenager is conditional on Ali 's ability to save the girl 's father , who has been sentenced to death for an unspecified crime . The mullah proposes that Soraya becomes his temporary wife in exchange for protection and monetary support for Soraya and her two daughters . Soraya refuses . Soraya has two sons whom Ali wants , and who have both turned against her . In a scene where Ali comes home to confront Soraya , a violent argument breaks out , she breaks a dish and Ali beats her , all the while saying things displaying his sexist attitude . Some days following the incident , a woman dies . The mullah , the village 's mayor , and Ali ask Zahra to persuade Soraya to care for the widower . Zahra suggests that Soraya may do the job if she is paid . Soraya starts working for the widower , and Ali plans to use the unusual circumstance to spread lies that Soraya is being unfaithful to him so that she will be stoned and he can remarry . Ali also knows if Soraya were dead , he would not have to pay child support . Ali and the mullah start a rumor about Soraya 's infidelity so they can charge her with adultery . One day while Zahra is walking in town , she realizes that a rumor has spread that her niece is being unfaithful to her husband . Ali and the mullah need one more " witness " to Soraya 's " infidelity " to be able to formally charge her , so they visit the widower at home and using threats manipulate the widower into agreeing to back up their story . Soon after , Ali drags Soraya through the streets , beating her and publicly declaring that she has been unfaithful . Zahra intervenes and takes her niece , Ali , the Mullah and the Mayor of the village to her house to talk privately . They bring the widower to the house and after he lies and says that they had engaged in adultery , a trial is pursued . Only men are allowed while Soraya is confined with some women in her house . She is quickly convicted . Zahra tries to flee with her and after realizing she can not , goes to plead with the mayor for Soraya 's life , even offering to switch places with Soraya . The conviction is upheld though , and as they are preparing for the stoning , the Mayor prays to Allah for a sign if they are not doing the right thing . Before the actual stoning can begin , a traveling carnival van comes through and tries to perform their act . They are shooed away , where they wait by the sidelines as the stoning begins . Soraya 's father disowns her as he is given the first stone to throw but he misses her repeatedly . A woman in the crowd pleads to the mayor that the stones missing are a sign Soraya is innocent , but none of the men listen . Ali takes up stones and throws them himself . Her two sons are also forced to throw stones . The widower is given two stones to throw but instead walks away in tears . The crowd finally joins in . The stoning stops when she is believed to be dead , but after Ali sees that she is not and the stoning resumes . Soraya finally dies . Zahra is heard narrating the story to the journalist about her niece . Around this time , the mullah and the widower are informed by Ali that his marriage to the teenaged girl is off , implying that he could not spare her father from execution . The widower then admits to his lying under coercion . As the journalist attempts to leave with his belongings and collect his vehicle after it has been repaired by the widower , the mullah orders a Revolutionary Guard to stop him at gunpoint . They seize his tape recorder and destroy all of the tapes but as the journalist is leaving in his car , Zahra appears out of an alley with the true tape in her hand . As the journalist drives away he stops and grabs the true tape from Zahra and speeds away . Zahra screams that the God that she loves is great and now whole world will know of the injustice that has happened . The movie ends by showing the only known picture of Soraya Manutchehri , taken when she was nine years old .
Rhoda positive John <$> Rhoda Williams is a brilliant 17 year - old who has spent her young life trained on the stars , and recently learned she was accepted to MIT . In a reckless , celebratory moment , she drinks with friends and drives home intoxicated . Listening to a story on the radio about a planet that looks just like Earth , she gazes out her car window at the stars and inadvertently hits a stopped car at an intersection , putting John Burroughs in a coma and killing his wife and son . Rhoda is a minor , so her identity is not revealed to John . After serving her prison sentence , Rhoda , after 4 years of isolation , continues to shield herself from the world outside , becoming a janitor at a local school , wanting to work " physically , " almost as a means to struggle past the potential she has squandered with the decision of a single night . After cleaning her former high school for a while and hearing more news stories about the mirror Earth , Rhoda visits John 's house after he has recovered , thinking she will apologize for the harm she did to him . He answers the door and she loses her nerve . Instead , she pretends to be a maid offering a free day of cleaning as a marketing tool for Maid in Haven . John , who has dropped out of his Yale music faculty position and is now living in a depressed and dirty stupor , agrees to Rhoda 's offer . When she finishes , John , who still does not know she is the person who killed his wife and son , asks her to come back next week . Rhoda tells him someone will come , but it may not be her . Rhoda returns to clean and develops a caring relationship with John that eventually becomes more significant and romantic . They like each other and are intelligent and compatible conversationally . Rhoda genuinely wants to be of service to him . Rhoda enters an essay contest sponsored by a millionaire entrepreneur who is offering a civilian space flight to the mirror Earth . Rhoda 's essay is selected and she is chosen to be one of the first explorers to travel to the other Earth . Rhoda tells John she has won the space flight , but he asks her not to go . However , when she tells him that she was the one who killed his wife and son , he forces her out of his house . Rhoda hears in a telecast a scientist postulating that the citizens of the mirror Earth might be identical to those on her Earth in every way until the moment they learned of the others ' existence . From that point on , the identical people on the different Earths probably began to deviate in small ways , changing their actions . Rhoda hopes her identical self on the other Earth did not make the mistakes she made on the night of the accident . Rhoda returns to John 's house and leaves him the ticket to the other Earth , telling him enough information to give him a small hope that his wife and son might be alive on that planet . John accepts the gift and becomes one of the first civilian space travelers to the other Earth . Four months later , Rhoda looks up at the sky where Earth 2 is now hidden in fog . She approaches her back door and sees her twin from Earth 2 standing in front of her .
Linet neutral Wolf ; Linet positive Peter ; Jean negative Linet ; Jean neutral Godfrey ; Jean negative Percival ; Allen neutral Godfrey ; Wolf neutral Godfrey ; Dagger positive Godfrey ; Linet negative Godfrey ; Linet neutral Nanny ; Jean neutral Allen ; Linet negative Allen ; Allen negative Wolf ; Peter positive Percival ; Jean negative Nanny ; Percival negative Godfrey ; Nanny negative Godfrey <$> The story opens with Linet chasing something she believes to be an elf fairy . Meanwhile a Wolf tracks her . Linet climbs a tree over a river and nearly falls . She calls for help . but recovers and makes it back to land . As she senses the Wolf watching her , she is discovered by a woodsman , Peter who scolds her for being foolish . As they walk back , Peter asks Linet why she ca n't stay home and be a good little girl . Linet answers how good little girls hardly ever see the world . When they arrive at the house , Lady Jean raises an eyebrow at Linet 's disheveled condition . Linet apologizes , but tells her mother how she came close to actually seeing an elf ; and if she does n't look , then she 'll never know for sure . As Lady Jean sends her inside to change , Peter comments to her how Linet is growing up and shows no fear . They then talk about how when her husband , Lord Percival , was in the castle , there was no danger . But since Percival 's disappearance , his evil twin brother , Lord Godfrey has taken over and no one in the castle is safe ; hence the reason why Jean and Linet live in the country . As Jean stands she suddenly sees Godfrey approaching , and Peter leaves . Godfrey notes to Jean that today was the day her husband went off to war and it has been seven years since . He sternly implores that it is the right thing for Jean to marry him , but Jean flatly refuses and explains she still loves Percival . Godfrey wonders , as Percival 's exact twin , how Jean could not love him when it is clear she does n't . He offers her riches and beauty , which she refuses , but Godfrey loudly proclaims she WILL be his wife . Later in the castle , Godfrey imprisons a farmer , Allen Owen for back taxes . As he is led away , Allen yells how Godfrey has no heart , something that enrages Godfrey . He orders Allen whipped and storms out . Godfrey goes to his chambers where the same Wolf from the beginning is lounging on a sofa . Godfrey orders " Wolf into Man , as fast as you can . " The Wolf then transforms into his human form , Dagger . Godfrey repeats how Allen said he had no heart , and wonders aloud if the truth is really known , how he gave up his heart and soul to possess Dagger , the Power of the Wolf . Godfrey asks Dagger what the people are saying about him . Dagger say that the people are afraid of him , but not all . He remarks how Linet , has no fear . Godfrey replies that soon she will , like everyone else . After he leaves , Dagger sings how he 's good at only one thing , . He then goes into the village to spy around , and villagers speaking about Godfrey rapidly become quiet in his presence . Linet awakens from a nightmare about her running through the woods and being chased by a large wolf . Lady Jean comes to comfort her and tell her there is nothing to fear . Linet asks how when there are things to fear . Jean tells her that the night will pass The next day , Lady Jean takes a loaf of bread and goes to beg Godfrey for Allen Owen 's life . Godfrey cruelly agrees , but still has Allen whipped while Jean watches . Lady Jean 's servants carry him out of the castle , and Jean speaks about sending for her mother , Nanny Bess . Linet skips down the road and arrives at Nanny Bess 's country house . She tells Nanny Bess about Allen 's wounds , and Nanny gathers some ointments and sneaks a red bundle into her basket . As they walk , they are watched by the Wolf . Nanny makes Linet wait outside , promising her a surprise later . Nanny and Lady Jean attend to Allen while Dagger watches from a window . Linet tries to site still but sees a goose out of its pen . She chases it near Dagger , causing him to fall into some mud . He tries another window , but falls into the river trying to avoid Linet . She goes back into the house as Nanny massages in the ointment which miraculously removes Allen 's pain . Nanny then holds a ' ceremony ' involving a circle of rocks , and adorning Linet with a beautiful hooded cloak ; saying it will protect her , and help her see a fairy . The next day Linet and Lady Jean bring bread to a healed Allen and farm workers . Refusing the food , Allen laments to Linet about working so hard only to gain so little , referring to the poor harvest and telling her how the land was fertile Everyone joins in singing and dancing but the mood changes suddenly when Lord Godfrey appears . In an attempt to quell the situation , Lady Jean speaks to Godfrey , who repeats his marriage request . Jean speaks again of her love for Percival , to which Godfrey declares is dead . Linet speaks up to her uncle , saying her father is alive ; causing Godfrey to yell . He tells Jean this will be the last time he asks . As he rides away , Linet chases him on foot saying her father is alive , before running into the woods . At first she ignores her mother 's calls , but eventually Linet returns to Jean and they sadly walk home . Meanwhile , a very much alive Percival , travels the road on foot and sings ' You Wo n't Be Here in the Morning ' . He arrives at Nanny Bess 's house and they exchange banter before she warmly welcomes him home . Over dinner , he tells her how he has seen the fear in people 's eyes , but he did not reveal his identity . Nanny Bess warns him how Godfrey has used black magic to gain power . Percival refuses to believe his brother is that cold and cruel , but Nanny explains how Godfrey gave up his heart for power and is incapable of loving anything or anyone . Meanwhile in the castle , Godfrey sings how Jean can not break his heart , since he was without one . He and Dagger briefly talk about love before he mentions how Allen had been healed . Dagger does n't understand how that is possible , and Godfrey postulates someone in the village is capable of magic . He sends Dagger to find out the source of the magic and to eliminate it . He also says Lady Jean will be his and Linet is becoming a nuisance . Dagger tries first to talk to Lady Jean , but she knows of his connection to Godfrey and avoids the subject . He then tries to talk to Badger Kate , the maid and Allen 's brother , but she pushes him into the wash bin . Frustrated , he follows Kate and transforms in the Wolf . She spots him and screams for help . The villagers chase the Wolf and shoot bows and arrows . Peter joins the chase and throws his axe . When he catches up he sees Dagger in human form with a sleeve pinned to a tree by the axe . Dagger sends Peter off in another direction , and grimaces . Percival and Nanny Bess watch Linet from afar , and Nanny Bess keeps him back , warning of Godfrey 's spies . They meet up with the villagers looking for the wolf , and Peter recognizes Percival and they embrace in friendship . Peter is happy that Percival has returned to lead the people , but all Percival wants is to see Jean and Linet . Nanny Bess warns that Godfrey watches Jean too closely , but she will send for Linet to come to her house . Jean gives Linet a basket to take to Nanny Bess . Linet promises to go straight there , but of course gets distracted when she runs into Dagger . They talk about people and how they tend to lie and mislead others , Afterwards , Linet does reveal it was Nanny Bess who healed Allen . Dagger distracts her into picking flowers and goes ahead to Nanny Bess . He arrives at the house and tries to attack her , but she escapes . Dagger then hears Linet approaching , so he darts inside and dons Nanny Bess ' cap and nightgown . Linet arrives at the house , Dagger , disguised , convinces her to drink a potion . She does and it blurs her vision , while she dreamily goes into the bedroom . Linet looks at Dagger in the nightcap and gown and starts the famous " What big eyes you have . " When she notes the big teeth , Dagger says " The better to eat you with , and bites Linet 's hand . Linet backs away in fear as Dagger transforms into the Wolf and pounces on her . Percival is talking to the villagers and reveals a secret entrance that Godfrey does n't know about . They start to plan their attack when Nanny Bess runs up to him , screaming for help . Meanwhile , castle guards lead Lady Jean , her wrists tied , to a waiting Godfrey on horseback . He reminds her that he said he was done asking , before taking the rop and leading her back to the castle . Percival and the villagers return to the house and see in the bed a half wolf / half human form with a bloated stomach . Percival raises his bow , but Nanny Bess stops him when she sees something moving inside the Wolf 's stomach . She orders Percival to cut open the stomach , and when he does Dagger / Wolf dies ; and an unharmed Linet emerges from within . She see Percival and timidly asks , " Father ? " and both father and daughter embrace . Percival leads the angry villagers towards the castle . Godfrey pulls Lady Jean along , and screams for Dagger . As Percival enters the castle gates , Godfrey reacts in fear ; and his guards and Lady Jean shrink away in horror . The villagers storm the castle and Percival and Jean are reunited . Everyone finds Godfrey , cringing and groaning on his throne . He is twisting in pain and starting to take an animal - like appearance . Percival throws at Godfrey the Wolf 's skinned hide , and orders him to leave . As he staggers past the stunned villagers , Godfrey grimaces in pain . He eventually changes into a wolf and runs out of the castle gates . As Nanny Bess , Percival , Lady Jean and Linet walk home , Linet is distracted by pretty flowers . As she picks them and sings , a fairy appears . They look at one another for a moment , but when Linet turns to answer her father , the fairy disappears . Linet smiles and runs to catch up to her family .
Joe positive her ; her negative Liz <$> The film starts out at The Merrill Department store where a very exhausted stockgirl named Maggie Johnson is given a moment to attend to the sales counter . There she encounters a charming handsome man . He pretends to be interested in purchasing some children 's toys but after many humorous demonstrations by Maggie the manager comes over and gives the man his time card . The man is said to be Joe Grant though in reality he is the son of the owner ; making him Joseph Merrill . To prove to his father he is ready for his engagement he has taken the job of stockboy under an assumed name . Annoyed Maggie takes Joe back to the stockroom and tells him to get to work . He is so inept she calls him , ' The Dumbest Stockboy in the World ' though she promises to take him under her wing ; much to his amusement . A few days later , after her shift , Maggie is outside waiting for Joe . She appears to have a crush on him . Some of her coworkers tease her but eventually warn her that Joe is coming , causing Maggie to hop on her ride home from work : the back of an open truck . Joe is swarmed with salesgirls who try for his attention causing him to not focus on Maggie . Determined Maggie throws her bag on the ground as the vehicle pulls away . Joe picks it up and chases the truck down to give it to her . After 3 more times of this he finally grows weary and jumps in the truck to join Maggie who feigns innocence . The two flirt and Maggie shows him pictures of her off kilter family . Once they reach her home she invites him in for supper only to find her family is causing a commotion . Her father is an elderly postal worker who is meek and easily subdued . Her mother is an overweight dramatic woman who enjoys going to random funerals and smelling salts . Her sister Liz is a flapper who has a boyfriend who gets her into trouble . Maggie does her best to hide the goings on but eventually caves and sends Joe on his way hoping to have dinner another day . Time passes and Joe 's mother is planning his engagement announcement party . However she has not mentioned it to him hoping to make it a surprise . Joe has reached a promotion now being Maggie 's boss . However he still eats lunch with her every day in the stocking room . During one such lunch , after receiving the note to join his parents for dinner , Maggie gives him a watch for his birthday . He is touched and puts it on . Shortly after this he accidentally catches his sleeve on a nail . Trying to pull himself free he accidentally puts his arm around Maggie , and after the mutual surprise the two kiss . Enamored with each other they head out on the town to walk in the rain . Joe begins to spend money and she tells him he 'll end up in the poorhouse . Joe offers to buy her dinner at a nice restaurant but embarrassed by her shoddy work clothes Maggie declines . Joe gets the idea to tell her they should follow the store 's company motto , " We 're all a family " and that if they were family they could eat at the Merrill Mansion . Maggie thinking he is joking agrees . Meanwhile her sister is arrested because of her association with her boyfriend , and is taken to night court . Her family frets at not being able to find Maggie who they believe needs to help Liz out of the mess . Maggie had tried to call them ; but after a few rings she hung up . Arriving at the Merrill Mansion Maggie is amazed that it is the real deal . Joe is amused with her reluctance but eventually gets her into the mansion ; much to the butler 's amusement . Maggie is extremely reluctant until Joe convinces the butler to say ' a Merrill employee eats here every night ! ' Maggie relaxes and tells Joe they should pretend to be Mr. and Mrs. Merrill . Joe is extremely amused by this , especially at her lack of formal dinner habits . At the surprise engagement party Joe 's family sits concerned . They return home to find Joe , and Maggie who has hidden under the table . Joe admits he is ' Joseph Merrill ' but before he can explain further his fiancee arrives and kisses him in front of Maggie . Maggie , heartbroken leaves . Joe upset tells his fiancee he had broken Maggie 's heart and must go after her . Maggie walks and walks until she returns to where Joe and her shared a moment which happens to be by the night court . She sees her family arrive and after they chaste her they enter the court to try to save Liz from prison . Meanwhile Joe arrives at the same spot only to be helped by a bum who had watched the whole goings on . He enters the court to hear Maggie 's passionate plea for her sister ; whom the judge eventually lets go . While Maggie fetches water for her ' on the verge of fainting ' mother Joe walks over to her and apologizes , saying he did not love his fiancee and would not marry her . He then proposes to Maggie which causes her sister to faint . While everyone tries to revive Liz , Liz 's boyfriend makes a remark to her father about Maggie ' taking up with the Merrill boy ' implying that it was only for sex . Joe offended punches him and begins to fight right in court . The next day Maggie is back home , reading the paper which has headlines about their romance . Joe 's father arrives at the home . He tells Maggie he wanted to send his son to Hawaii until the scandal blew over , which Joe agreed to . However Joe apparently made plans to bring Maggie as well and marry on the boat . Mr. Merrill not happy with this tries to buy Maggie off with a check for $ 10,000 ; just as Joe arrives unaware his father is there . He tells Maggie his plans which upset her . Angry , she begins a whole tirade against him trying to find out if he really loved her or not . She begins to claim she is just a jazz girl and knew who he was all along . That she was a golddigger and just after his money and thanks to his father she now had what she wanted . She even plays a jazz record and puts on lipstick to further prove her point . Joe begins to cry , and Maggie touched breaks down and admits that none of it is true and the real reason she ca n't go away with him is because of her family who needs her more than he does . Her father becomes livid and declares it was time ' he became the father of the family ' and takes charge of his wife and daughters . In a comedic scene he commands everyone to pack Maggie 's things ; for the ship which leaves in 10 minutes . After an extreme car ride the couple barely make it . Once boarded the father realizes he never gave Maggie her suitcase ; which he tries to throw but ends up in the ocean . The couple waves goodbye and eventually get crowded back from view . When the crowd leaves the audience sees them kissing .
Mike negative her ; Colin positive her <$> Abby Richter is a morning show TV producer in Sacramento , California . Abby firmly believes in true love and is a big supporter of complex self help books such as Chicken Soup for the Soul and Men Are from Mars , Women Are from Venus . Coming home from a disastrous date , she happens to see a segment of a local television show , The Ugly Truth , featuring Mike Chadway , whose cynicism about relationships prompts Abby to call in to argue with him on - air . The next day , she discovers the TV station is threatening to cancel her show because of its poor ratings . The station owner has hired Mike to do a segment on her show . At first , the two have a rocky relationship ; Abby thinks Mike is crass and disgusting while Mike finds her to be naive and a control freak . Nevertheless , when she meets the man of her dreams , a doctor named Colin living next to her , Mike convinces her that by following his advice she will improve her chances with Colin . Abby is skeptical , but they make a deal : If Mike 's management of her courtship results in her landing Colin , proving his theories on relationships , she will work happily with him , but if Mike fails , he agrees to leave her show.Mike succeeds in improving the ratings , brings married co-anchors Georgia and Larry closer and successfully instructs Abby to be exactly what Colin would want through a number of pointers including : always laugh at his jokes and say he is amazing in bed . Mike is invited to appear on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson and is offered a job at another network . Abby is forced to cancel a romantic weekend away with Colin , during which they had planned to finally sleep together , and instead fly to Los Angeles to persuade Mike to stay with her show . They drink and dance and Mike admits he does not want to move because he wants to stay in Sacramento near his sister and nephew . In the hotel elevator , they passionately kiss , but go to their separate rooms . Mike , dealing with the intensity of his feelings for Abby , calls on her room only to find Colin has shown up to surprise her . Mike leaves . Abby is upset and soon realizes Colin only likes the woman she has been pretending to be , not the real her . She breaks up with him . Mike quits and takes a job with a rival TV station in Sacramento , and ends up doing a broadcast at the same hot - air balloon festival as Abby . He can not resist intruding when she kicks the new " Mike Chadway " imitator off the air and goes into a tirade about what cowardly weaklings men are . The balloon takes off while they argue . Abby says she broke up with Colin , and Mike admits he loves her . Abby kisses him while they fly off , all of which is broadcast due to a camera mounted in the balloon . The film ends with Abby and Mike in bed . When Mike asks if he is really that good , Abby smirks and responds , " You 'll never know . "
Melissa positive Samantha <$> The film is about Melissa , a young woman living in Los Angeles , who works for a large corporation . One night , there is a freak meteor shower . The next morning , Melissa goes about her day but as time passes , slowly becomes aware that those around her have changed since the meteorites fell . It 's as if their minds are no longer their own . For example , Melissa 's supervisor Samantha seduces her into a passionate lesbian encounter , even though Samantha had never shown any signs of being a lesbian . Melissa soon realizes that the townsfolk have been replaced by a race of aliens known as Pod People . The aliens grow in large seed pods and gradually take the form of a particular person , eventually taking over their bodies once the growth process is complete . The Pod People try to take control of Melissa , but she flee the town to warn humanity of the in progress invasion .
Henry positive his <$> Working the night shift as a toll collector on a lonely stretch of highway in Buffalo , New York , Henry is a man seemingly without ambition , dreams or purpose ; a man sleepwalking his way through life . When two friends get out of his car , supposedly to get some money at an ATM , they instead rob the Buffalo Savings Bank , and Henry is arrested for supposedly being an accomplice . Rather than give up the names of the real culprits , Henry takes the fall and goes to jail . There , he meets the irrepressible Max , a con man who has grown far too comfortable with the familiarity and security of his ‘ idyllic ’ life behind bars , but one who also helps plant an idea in Henry ’s mind which will change his life forever : for a man to find his purpose , he must first have a dream . Upon his release one year later , Henry finds his purpose . Having done the time , he decides he may as well do the crime . Discovering a long forgotten bootlegger ’s tunnel which runs from the very same bank to a theater across the alleyway , he convinces the reluctant Max to file for his long overdue parole — and then recruits his former cellmate to help stage a robbery . Henry becomes actor in the theater 's current production of " The Cherry Orchard " by Chekhov , to get access to the tunnel . However , he finds himself slowly falling for the production ’s mercurial leading lady , Julie.http : / / collider.com/henrys-crime-trailer/80892/ One of Henry 's " friends " helps clearing the tunnel from mud ; he informs the other " friend " , who insists in participating too . A retiring guard of the bank helps by informing the robbers when there is a lot of money in the vault . During the robbery the second " friend " uses a gun to try to take all the money himself , but he is overpowered and left behind in the vault . When the others drive off , Henry demands to stop the car , and he returns to Julie .
Somadathan negative his ; his negative Somayaji ; his neutral Dathan ; Somadathan negative Somayaji <$> Devadathan Chemmathiripadu , a vedic scholar is widely respected by everyone . He successfully completed Somayagam and has gained the title Somayajippadu . Leading a simple life away from all the chaos , Somayajippadu has two sons , Somadathan and Chithrabhanu . While Somadathan left for Delhi to become a journalist , Chitrabhanu stayed along with his father in order to assist him . Bhanu Namboothiri is now a chief priest in the nearby temple . During his Delhi days , Somadathan got attracted to atheism and became associated with several radical groups . One day he returns to his village to meet up with his family . But , upon arriving home , he finds the daily rituals irritating and starts questioning them . He denounces Vedas as superstition and starts propagating atheism among the villagers . In the beginning , Somayaji does not take it seriously , slowly he becomes to feel it is unbearable . He advises Dathan to lead a Brahmin 's life , to which Dathan shoots back that he is no longer a Brahmin and had given up his Yajnopavitam , long ago . This shocks Somayaji , who asks him to stay away from his house . Dathan steps out of his house and gets married to Gayathri ( [ [ Geetha , another atheist and his lover . The couple , in their efforts to win out against superstition , decide to stay at an old haunted house , which people believe is dangerous . They along with fellow radicals clean up the place and destroy the idols of Nagas and the small worship place . In the meantime , Bhanu Namboothiri falls in love with a girl in the neighboring village . He requests his mom to speak about this to Somayaji . But , Somayaji reveals that Bhanu has several issues in his horoscope and at the age of 27 , even his life could be in danger . This breaks him down , and he commits suicide . Somadathan accused his father for his brother 's death and his anger turns into hatred . Mean while , Gayathri gets pregnant twice , but both end up aborted . The people cite it as a reason for Sarpadosha . She starts getting dreams of serpents and slowly starts believing that their act of destroying the idols of Nagas were the reason for the abortions . One evening , while returning home , Somadathan finds Gayathri lighting a lamp for the idols at a cleaned up shrine , which infuriates him . She tries to justify her rationale and make him change his mind . But he stubbornly tells her that to stay with him , she needs to follow his principles . Gayathri storms out the house and arrives at Somayaji 's house . Devadathan 's mother welcomes her and performs special pujas for her , because she is pregnant for third time . She then gives birth to a boy . Somadathan argues with Somayaji that he should not be brought up as a Brahmin and no vedic rituals should be conducted for him . In the mean time , a group of people arrive at Somayaji house to perform an Athirathram , in order to please Lord Indra and make it rain . Athirathram is the highest form of yagas , according to Vedas and if performed perfectly , it will result in heavy rain . The stage is set and all preparations are on full swing . A group of atheists under the leadership of Somadathan decides to oppose it , exposing the meaningless of such rituals . He challenges Somayaji and asks him if no heavy rains fall , will he give up Vedas and accepts atheism , to which Somayaji agrees . But he also put forward another question to Dathan that if it rains , will he be ready to follow his father 's way , to which Dathan agrees . On the last day of Athirathram , it rain severely and Dathan accepts defeat . But after setting the altar on fire , Somyaji continues his meditation and sacrifices his life to the fire . Somadathan then takes up his father 's path and becomes the next priest of the family .
Ramirez neutral Water ; her positive Ramirez <$> ' Sleep Dealer ' is set in a future , militarized world marked by closed borders , virtual labor and a global digital network that joins minds and experiences , where three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and break the barriers of technology . Memo Cruz , works at a factory , one of several sleep dealers . Here , workers are connected to the network via suspended cables connected to implanted nodes in their arms and back , allowing them to control the robots that have replaced them as unskilled labor on the other side of the border . The sleep dealers are called so because one may collapse if one works long enough . The story is told as a flash back , as Memo remembers his home in Santa Ana Del Rio , Oaxaca . His father wants him to participate in growing crops on the meagre family homestead . Memo 's passion however is electronics and hacking . The homestead also has dried up on account of a dam built nearby and owned by the private corporation Del Rio Water . Memo and his father must trek on foot to buy water by the bag , while monitored by security cameras armed with machine guns . The media on American hi - def TV shows glimpses of a technological dystopia , although in a positive light with superficial spin - doctoring . As a hobby , Memo is building an electronic receiver that can tap into communications . As he continues to work on it , its range increases to far away cities . One summer , a remote - controlled military aerial vehicle operated by the security forces of Del Rio Water catches him monitoring a frequency used by the drones , an act that warrants a brutal attack . He disconnects in time before the drone can locate him with certainty . On another occasion , he and his brother watch a live TV broadcast about a drone action that is about to destroy a building known to be intercepting drone communication . They quickly realize that the building is their own home where Memo has his equipment , and run to save their father whose life is in danger . However , they are too late , and the vehicle launches a rocket at the father , who had miraculously escaped a first attack on the building , instantly killing him . The pilot of the drone is shown to be Rudy Ramirez . Memo boards a bus to the city Tijuana to find work . The same bus is also boarded by Luz Martínez . Memo notices that Luz has nodes on the wrist for interfacing with the digital network , and asks her where he can get them for free . She tells him that he can find someone , known as a coyotek , to connect him by asking around in a certain alley . Luz has loans and may default . She makes a living by uploading memories to an online memory trading company ' True node ' where viewers pay for content . She uploads her memory of meeting Memo . Memo is robbed of his money during his first attempt to seek a coyotek . He finds an abandoned shack to stay at the edge of the city , where other node workers live . Luz gets a sale for her memory of Memo , and a prepaid offer for her next memory of him . Luz finds him and comes to know he is out of money . She helps him get a node - job at a bar , which has the equipment . It so happens that she is the coyotek , having learned from her ex-boyfriend and she does him a favor . Luz tries to upload more experiences . Truenode makes her reveal feelings rather than just the story . The person who requested the information is revealed to be Ramirez working for Del Rio Water . Luz and Memo open up to each other and have a connected sex . Upon receiving the next upload , Ramirez has his doubts confirmed that his work made him kill a good man , though his family disparages his concerns . Memo discovers that Luz has been paid to upload her memories of him , and so he leaves her feeling betrayed . He works over-time at the sleep - dealer , risking exhaustion . Luz writes to him and mails him a recording of her memories as a parting gift . In the meantime , Ramirez has crossed the fortified US - Mexican border to meet Memo . As Ramirez explains himself , Memo tries to run perceiving danger . Ramirez catches up and explains he was under orders and offers to help . Memo rejoins Luz and recruits her help to connect Ramirez into the network . He accesses the Del Rio Water security network to control one of the company 's drones . Upon discovery that Ramirez is not heeding orders , Ramirez is pursued by other drones . After heated aerial dogfighting , Ramirez manages to blast a hole in the dam , directly where Memo 's father had once tossed a pebble in helpless frustration . Memo receives news from his home and neighboring subsistence farms , celebrations of the return of ancestral waters , albeit not necessarily permanent . Ramirez goes further south in Mexico as he is no longer able to return to his family in the US . Memo moves on with his life in Tijuana .
Joe positive Fannie <$> An industrial girl , Fannie Brand who is supporting her brother and sister by working in a theatrical costume house , falls in love with Joe Halsey . Fannie and Joe set a date to be married , but the wedding is off when Fannie finds Joe cheating on her with her sister . Fannie auditions for Landau , a theatrical producer , then later on Fannie becomes a big success and she and Joe get back together .
Abigail negative Drake ; Talos positive Drake ; Daystar negative Drake ; Zoe positive Drake ; Drake positive FBI <$> The film begins with an opening narration about Dracula , told by Hannibal King : The film starts with a group of vampires , looking for " Drake " , a.k.a. Dracula . They subsequently find and wake him in a Syrian ziggurat tomb , although not before he kills one of their own number . Being unaware of the existence of vampires , the world considers Blade to be a serial killer . The vampires capitalize on this misconception and succeed in framing Blade for the killing of a familiar posing as a vampire . During the ensuing manhunt , the FBI locate and attack the hideout . During the siege , Whistler is mortally wounded and perishes after setting the hideout self - destruct . With his mentor gone , Blade allows himself to be captured . The police prepare to hand Blade over to a group of supposed federal agents , who are , unknown to them , vampires . But he is rescued by Hannibal King and Abigail Whistler , . The two head a group of vampire hunters called the Nightstalkers , formed by Blade 's mentor to assist him . King and Abigail reveal that the vampire Danica Talos , who turned King into a vampire in the past , , has located Drake . Talos hopes that by resurrecting him , Drake will help save the vampire race by producing more daywalkers , and eliminate Blade . In his first confrontation with Blade , Drake shows an affinity for Blade , as they are both " honorable warriors " . Ironically , while Drake is delivering his speech about honor , he is hiding behind a baby he has taken hostage ; however , he appears to consider humans as unworthy of any consideration unless they first prove themselves . During the chaos , King is incapacitated by Drake . Blade eventually learns of a bioweapon the Nightstalkers had created called Daystar , an airborne virus capable of killing every single vampire in the world . However , there are two catches . The first is that they need Drake 's blood and it must be infused with the virus . As he is the first vampire , his DNA is still pure , which , infused with Daystar , will make it work to its maximum efficiency . The second : the virus could possibly kill Blade , since he is half - vampire . Blade and Abigail learn of the vampire " final solution " , which involves a warehouse where hundreds of homeless humans are being kept " alive " in a chemically - induced coma , , trapped in body bags . This keeps in line with vampires needing live food sources if the vampire race were to take over the world . Blade has all of them put out of their misery , shutting down their life support . The two return to find the Nightstalkers have been all but wiped out . The only exception is King , who has been kidnapped by Drake , and a young girl named Zoe , the daughter of one of the Nightstalkers . Blade and Abigail go to the Talos building to save their friends . Meanwhile , King is chained and tortured by Jarko Grimwood and Asher Talos for information about Daystar . When this fails to get any information from him , Talos threatens that she will bite King and leave him to feed on Zoe . Drake tries to convince the young Zoe to become a vampire so that she wo n't have to die . He tells her that there is no God , heaven or angels , Zoe simply states to Drake " My friends are coming to kill you " . Blade and Abigail eventually enter the building , and the fighting begins after they freed King . Abigail kills Asher and King kills Grimwood while Blade engages Drake in a sword battle . In the end , Blade impales Drake with the Daystar arrow , and releases it into the air , killing all the nearby vampires , including Talos . He then honors Abigail and her fighting skills by making her a full - fledged " blade . " As Drake dies , he praises Blade for fighting with honor and tells him that through Blade , the vampire race will survive . Dying , he offers Blade a " parting gift " ; he also warns him that the thirst will eventually win . From here there are multiple endings : * Theatrical ending : As Blade fought honorably , Drake gives him a " parting gift " by transforming his body into a replica of Blade 's just before he dies . The FBI captures the body of who they think is Blade and thus call off their manhunt for Blade . In the morgue Blade 's body reverts into that of Drake 's . Hannibal 's voiceover tells the viewer that Blade is still out doing what he does , having rejected Drake 's hopes of him prolonging the vampire race , and that the war will never end . * Unrated ending : The body captured by the FBI is Blade , but he 's not really dead . He sits up abruptly in the morgue , attacks the FBI agents , and appears ready to bite a nurse on the neck . The ending is ambiguous as to whether Blade is actually Drake surviving The Daystar Virus or the real Blade retaining his humanity or giving in to his vampire thirst , or becoming the new vampire messiah as Drake predicted . This is the ending seen on the director 's cut of the film , and commentary on the DVD indicates it was the ending director Goyer intended . * Werewolf ending : The Daystar virus circles the globe and wipes out all vampires . Blade walks off into the sunset , his long battle finally over . The final shot is of the Nightstalkers battling a new enemy ... werewolves . This version of the ending was used in the novelization of the film and is included on the DVD as an extra ;{ { Citation needed } }
Suzy neutral Sam ; Sam positive Sharp <$> The story is set in 1965 , on an idyllic New England island called New Penzance . Twelve - year - old Sam Shakusky is an orphan who is attending a " Khaki Scout " summer camp , Camp Ivanhoe , led by Scout Master Ward . Suzy Bishop lives on the island with her attorney parents — Walt and Laura — and three younger brothers in a house called Summer 's End . Sam and Suzy met the previous summer during a church performance of Noye 's Fludde by Benjamin Britten , and they remained pen pals over the following year . They made a secret pact to reunite the following summer and run away together . Sam brings camping equipment , and Suzy brings six books , her cat , and a record player . They spend several days hiking and camping together in the wilderness with the goal of reaching a secluded cove on the island , which they name Moonrise Kingdom . They dance on the beach and their young romance blossoms . Suzy 's parents , the police , and the Scout master eventually find them at the cove . Suzy returns with her parents and is forbidden from seeing Sam again . Sam stays with police Captain Sharp while they await Social Services , who will place him in a " juvenile refuge " because his foster parents no longer wish to house him . The Scouts , who previously were not kind to Sam , later decide it is their duty to help the young lovers run away again . Suzy , Sam , and the other Scouts seek out the help of Cousin Ben , an older relative of one of the Scouts who works at the larger Khaki Scout summer camp , Fort Lebanon , run by Commander Pierce . After many twists and turns , Sam and Suzy eventually are apprehended on a church steeple during a violent hurricane and flash flood , evoking the earlier references to Noah . The church steeple is destroyed by lightning , but everyone survives . Sharp decides to become Sam 's legal guardian , saving him from the orphanage and allowing him to remain on the island and be with Suzy . The last scene takes place at Summer 's End , with Sam painting a landscape of the cove and then slipping out the window as Suzy and her brothers are called to dinner .
Volanges negative Merteuil ; Cécile negative Danceny ; Valmont negative Cécile ; Valmont negative his ; Valmont negative Danceny ; Merteuil negative Danceny <$> The Marquise de Merteuil appears to be virtuous and upstanding , but in fact is a sexually ravenous , amoral schemer who plays games with men out of bitterness at the constricted station of women in her society . She decides to exact revenge on a recent lover by having his young new fiancee , Cécile de Volanges , the daughter of Merteuil 's cousin Madame de Volanges , seduced and ruined . Merteuil calls on her sometime - partner , the rakish and similarly amoral Vicomte de Valmont , to do the deed . At first , Valmont refuses her proposition ; he is busy trying to seduce the virtuous Madame de Tourvel , who is spending time at his aunt 's manor house while her husband is abroad . Upon discovering that the uptight and superficial Madame de Volanges had been secretly writing to Madame de Tourvel to warn her against his evil nature , Valmont changes his mind and decides to follow Merteuil 's scheme . They take advantage of the fact that young Cécile is secretly in love with her music teacher , the Chevalier Raphael Danceny , who is penniless and therefore does not qualify in the eyes of her mother as a potential suitor . At his aunt 's manor , Valmont tricks Cécile into providing access to her bedchamber so that he can deliver Danceny 's love letters unobserved , but instead shows up and rapes her as she pleads with him to leave . Over breakfast the next morning , he taunts a visibly distressed Cécile , and she runs from the room in tears . Later that night , he attempts to enter her room again , but she has barred her door and is seen sobbing within her chamber . Madame de Volanges , distraught by her daughter 's sudden state of illness , calls upon Merteuil to speak to Cécile . Merteuil advises Cécile to consensually continue an affair with Valmont , telling her she should take advantage of all the lovers she can acquire in a life so constricted by her gender . Cécile takes her advice and later becomes pregnant with Valmont 's child , but suffers a miscarriage , thus avoiding a scandal . Valmont meanwhile steadily targets his main prey , Madame de Tourvel , who , despite suspecting his base motives , eventually gives in to his tireless advances . However , Valmont , the lifelong womanizer , has unexpectedly fallen in love with Tourvel . Merteuil had promised Valmont a night in her company should he be successful in his scheme to seduce Madame de Tourvel and provide written proof of his conquest . Nevertheless , secretly jealous of Tourvel , she refuses to grant Valmont his prize unless he breaks off with Tourvel completely ; Merteuil threatens to ruin his proud reputation as a debaucher . Valmont , his ego damaged , heeds her request and coldly leaves Tourvel , who falls desperately ill . Valmont goes back to Merteuil , who in the meantime has taken Chevalier Danceny as her lover . Valmont arranges for Danceny to leave Merteuil for Cecile , which leads to him once again demanding the immediate fulfillment of her promise . The Marquise refuses , and they declare war . The Marquise reveals to Danceny that Valmont had seduced Cécile . Danceny challenges Valmont to a duel . Guilty and despairing , Valmont allows Danceny to fatally wound him . Before he dies , he asks Danceny to visit Tourvel and assure her of his true love ; Valmont also hands him a collection of letters from Merteuil that detail her scheming . After hearing Valmont 's message from Danceny , Madame de Tourvel dies . Danceny publishes Merteuil 's letters , which become a scandal , and she is booed and disgraced by the audience at the opera . The movie closes as she suffers a breakdown while removing her make - up .
Karo negative Mona ; Sinan positive Tim ; Tim neutral Wenger ; Sinan negative Wenger ; Karo negative Marco ; Marco negative Wenger <$> The film opens with high - school teacher Rainer Wenger driving to his job while passionately singing along to a cover of Rock 'n' Roll High School . The high school is having a project week and Wenger discusses autocracy with his class . His students , third generation after the Second World War , Jeff Dawson ... salutes a hit German film ... Sunday Times 31 Aug 2008 do not believe that a dictatorship could be established in modern Germany , so Wenger starts an experiment to demonstrate how easily the masses can be manipulated . Two classes are chosen : Wenger 's to be the autocracy group , and another to be the anarchy one . Since Wenger himself is an anarchist , he accepts his role only because the other teacher refused to switch . However , he goes into the project with enthusiasm and , as a popular teacher , has the students ' full attention . He begins by demanding that all students address him as " Herr Wenger " , as opposed to Rainer , and changes the seating arrangement in a direction facing the front of the class , placing students with poor grades beside students with good grades – purportedly so they can learn from one another and become better as a whole . If the students want to say something aloud , they must stand up and give short pre-considered answers . Wenger shows his students the effect of marching together in the same rhythm , motivating them by suggesting that they could really annoy the class below them . Wenger suggests every student in the group should wear a white shirt and jeans , to remove class distinction and further unite the group . Mona also argues it will remove individuality as well . The student Karo shows up to class without the uniform and is surprised to find out that everyone is wearing a white shirt and jeans . While Karo actually tried a shirt on she chose not to wear it , which is hinted at being because of an ostracising comment from her mother . The students suggest that since they are a group , they should choose a name , and they decide on " Die Welle " . Karo suggests another name , which ends up with no votes at all . The group is shown to grow closer , and the bully Bomber is shown to reform for the better , protecting a classmate from bullies . He also creates a distinctive salute for the group . Karo and Mona , protest against the actions of the group , and Mona , disgusted with how her classmates are embracing fascism , leaves the project group . The other classmates do n't see any connection with their activity and fascism seeing only good things come from the movement . The members of The Wave begin spray - painting their logo around town , having parties where only Wave members are allowed to attend and generally , even unwittingly , ostracising and tormenting anyone not in their group . One young man in particular , Tim , becomes very attached to the group , having finally become an accepted member of a social group in school . He burns his name - brand clothes after a discussion about how large corporations do not take responsibility for their actions . A pair of punks start a fight with Tim , but he is saved by Bomber and Sinan and starts to bond with them . Tim later shows up at Wenger 's house , offering to be a bodyguard . Wenger invites Tim in , saying he can have dinner , but no guarding is necessary . This puts further strain on Wenger already tense relationship with his wife , who thinks the experiment has gone too far . Wenger finally ejects Tim from his house , only to find in the morning that the boy had slept on his doorstep . Wenger 's wife , upset , tells him to stop the experiment immediately . He accuses her of being jealous of him because his experiment and way of teaching is more popular and better than anything she has ever done before , and proceeds to insult her . Shocked , she leaves him saying the Wave has even made him a worse person . Karo continues her attempts to expose the actions of the Wave , eventually earning the anger of many in the group , who approach her boyfriend , Marco , and ask him to do something about it . A water polo competition is due that day , to which Wenger along with Sinan and Marco ask The Wave to be present . A fight breaks between Sinan and an opponent in the middle of the match , which results in them almost drowning each other before being stopped by Wenger ; while the Wave supporters watching the match in the seats start fighting the rival team 's fans as well . Karo and Mona take advantage of the chaos in the seats to sneak inside the pool court and throw papers with messages against The Wave . After the match Marco confronts Karo and accuses her of causing the fight that broke out in the seats and caused the match to be cancelled , to which she replies that the Wave has brainwashed him completely . During their confrontation Marco becomes angry and beats Karo bloody , which snaps him into realising what the Wave has made him . Marco approaches Herr Wenger and asks him to stop the project . Wenger tells Marco to leave it up to him , and calls a meeting of all Wave members for the following day , in the school 's auditorium . Once in the meeting , Wenger has the doors locked and begins whipping the students into a fervour , shouting that they will roll over Germany and change things to the way they ought to be . Marco protests and Wenger calls him a traitor and orders the students to bring him to the stage for punishment . Wenger uses this to force all the students into seeing how extreme the Wave has become and mentions how no one at the start of the week believed that autocracy could rise again in Germany . Wenger disbands the Wave but the student Dennis argues that many good things came from the Wave as well and that they should find away to remove the bad parts . Wenger responds that it 's true that some good things came from the Wave but the cost is to high and that the bad things will never go away . Tim draws a gun and refuses to accept the Wave is over , fearing that he will once more be lonely . Tim states that the Wave is his life . Bomber tries to calm Tim down and take the gun but Tim shoots him and then takes his own life . Wenger cradles his corpse and looks helplessly at his now traumatised students . The film ends with Wenger being arrested by the police and driven away . In the very last shot Wenger sees something ahead of him that frightens him , but this is not revealed to the audience leaving it out to speculation ( Gansel 's next film [ [ We Are the Night .
Murli neutral Prabhu ; Padma negative Prabhu ; Padma positive Murli <$> Murli and Prabhu are owner and manager respectively , of an advertising agency in Madras . Prabhu has been raised by Murli 's family , and feels greatly indebted to them . Prabhu is in love with Padma , but a misunderstanding leads them apart . In the meantime , Murli meets and falls in love with Padma .
Chiz positive Lee <$> Astronauts training in an Apollo simulator have their session ended early . They grumble about it later , but their leader , Chiz , knows why : the Pilgrim Program . The Russians will be sending a moon landing mission up in four weeks . The Americans had a secret alternate plan to the Apollo program in case this happened . One man would be sent to the moon in a one - way rocket . He would stay on the moon for a few months in a shelter pod launched and landed before him . Later , a manned Apollo mission would come to retrieve him . The equipment is all ready , but the Russians complicated matters by sending up a civilian . Even though Chiz is trained and qualified , he 's an Air Force colonel . NASA and the White House insist that an American civilian be their first man . Lee , one of Chiz 's crew , is tapped . Chiz is outraged , but agrees to train Lee in the few days they have . Chiz pushes Lee 's training hard , half to get him ready , half hoping he 'll drop out and Chiz can step in . Lee persists , driven by the same astronaut dream . After a press leak about Pilgrim , the Russians launch a week early . Deflated at not being first , everyone carries on . The shelter pod is launched and landed successfully . Lee is launched on schedule . He encounters a power drain malfunction en route which tests his character and hinders radio contact . The Russians have lost contact with their team too . As Lee orbits the moon , he does not see the beacon of the shelter . With only seconds left before he must abort and return to earth he lies about seeing it . Mission control okays his retro burn and he lands . Now all radio contact is lost . Lee gets out of the Gemini lander and walks around . He has just three hours of oxygen in his suit . He finds the crashed Russian lander on its side . The three dead cosmonauts are sprawled around . Everyone on earth is nervously awaiting some news , but get none . Lee takes the Soviet flag from a dead cosmonaut and lays it out on a nearby rock with his own American flag . With little air left and nowhere to go , Lee spins the toy mouse his son gave him . It points stage - right , so he walks that direction . People on earth are losing hope as his time has run out . Lee looks at his watch to see that he has just minutes of air left . A red glow on his arm catches his attention . It is the locator beacon atop the shelter . Lee is last seen walking towards the shelter as the movie closes .
Deepak positive Sheetal ; Priya negative Raj ; Salim positive Farah <$> The film begins in a bowling alley , where a group of friends are awaiting the arrival of Salim . Meanwhile , Deepak arrives with his fiancée Sheetal . When a conversation about love arises , Deepak and the rest find it necessary to make Sheetal aware that true love does exist . They tell her the story of Raj and Priya , two of their closest friends . Raj Mathur is the owner of Raj Transport , a small trucking company he founded himself . Raj is a carefree man who is unorganized , messy , lazy and late all the time . Although he is n't the richest , he 's always happy . On the other hand , Priya Chopra is a successful fashion designer whose family is quite wealthy . Priya , originally from Greece , lives with her aunt Anna , who wants to give her the best in life . Priya has her life all planned out &mdash; the complete opposite of Raj . These two completely different people meet in a car accident , when Priya crashes her car into Raj 's truck . Though the two get off to a rocky start , they meet again at the wedding of Salim and Farah , eventually becoming friends . The two arrange to meet again and slowly fall in love . Raj receives Priya 's phone number but carelessly loses it . He then sets out to find her and find her , he does . However , Raj learns that Priya 's engaged . Desperate , he follows Priya to Greece , where he continues to woo her . When it 's time to part company , Priya realizes that she is in love with Raj . They get married after persuading Priya 's parents , and arrive in Mumbai , where Raj welcomes Priya into their home . He then makes an oath to his holy talisman , wishing it to protect Priya if he is not around , because he loves her immensely . Back to the bowling alley in the present : Sheetal is in tears , for she has never heard a more beautiful story . Salim arrives along with Farah and announce that today was Raj and Priya 's first wedding anniversary , so they were planning a surprise party . Excited , Sheetal ca n't wait to meet the famous Raj and Priya , but when they do arrive , they 're nothing like what they seemed . A year has changed both Raj and Priya , and the two ca n't stop arguing . When they do find some common ground and happiness , it does n't last long . Raj feels the pressure to meet the expectations of Priya 's family , and is struggling financially . His company has gone bankrupt , and he has many bills and loans to pay . When he is insulted by a bank official , he returns home crying . Priya can not stand to see her husband in this state , and resorts to asking her former fiancé for money . When Raj asks her about the source of money , she lies . But when he throws a celebration party , he learns the truth . Angry at Priya , he becomes destructive , and Priya , heartbroken , runs away to her parents . Raj , realizing his error , goes after Priya , only to be insulted by her family . Priya decides to leave India because she ca n't stay with Raj but ca n't stay without him . When Raj is informed of this , he races to the airport to stop Priya , just as he did the year before . He says he will change and that he has a dream of the two of them starting a family together . Although Priya expresses that she has the same dream , she feels it is impossible for them to be together , so she boards the plane . Giving up , Raj remembers his oath and sends his talisman to Priya . When Priya receives the talisman , she too recalls Raj 's confession . Raj returns home to find Priya waiting for him . She says that the only way to make their dream come true is to be together . In a playful manner , the two get into another argument but they say that this is how they express their love . They continue to argue as the credits roll .
his neutral Armitage ; McCannon negative Armitage ; Julian positive Ross ; Julian negative Armitage ; Ross positive Armitage ; Asakura negative Armitage ; her positive Armitage ; Demetrio negative Armitage ; Ross negative Demetrio ; her neutral Ross ; her positive Demetrio ; Julian negative Demetrio <$> In 2046 , the overpopulation of Earth has led to the colonization of Mars — with the aid of the " first type " androids , men were able to begin terraforming the unfriendly environment of Mars and build the city Saint Lowell . Seventy years after the start of colonization , the city is completed and inhabited by great numbers of people and " Second type " robots , much improved versions of the " First types " . Ross Syllibus , a middle - aged policeman from Chicago , flies to Saint Lowell using a space shuttle . Syllibus asked to be transferred to the Martian Police Department to escape from his past and haunting memories of his beloved one being killed by a robot . At the Saint Lowell 's space port he is to meet his new partner — a young woman named Naomi Armitage . On the same shuttle as Syllibus travels Kelly McCannon — " the last country singer in the Universe " . As the shuttle nears the terminal , a mysterious man is seen entering the cargo section ; soon after this , the intruder is noticed and the alarms go off . Later , as Ross gets off the shuttle , he witnesses a disturbing scene at the airport . He bumps into the mysterious man with a big suitcase and two guards . Soon after that , Armitage orders the men to stop and get their hands up . Puzzled , Ross notices a few drops of blood spilling from the mysterious man 's suitcase . The two robot guards are killed by Armitage and the mysterious man is wounded , but flees . However , he leaves his suitcase behind — inside of which is the dead body of Kelly McCannon . To everybody 's surprise and horror , McCannon turns out to be a robot : a new , never - seen - before " Third type " android that is superficially identical to humans . Later , the mysterious man hacks into the public television system and replays the security camera footage . The tape shows the man killing Kelly McCannon and reveals the fact of her being a robot to the entire city . The mysterious man , René D'anclaude , reveals that the Third types have been among the regular people for a long time and nobody can tell them apart from humans . He also reveals a list of Thirds — and it turns out that a lot of well - known people are actually robots . Riots begin in the city as people start to capture and burn all the Thirds they can find . Meanwhile , René D'anclaude proceeds with his extermination of the Thirds . The two main characters start their investigation and eventually find out , that the victims are women . One of the dying victims sends out a message with the list of Thirds to save them from being slaughtered . Armitage receives it and pursues D'anclaude . Armitage is eventually revealed to be a third and goes into hiding as the police hunt for her . Ross seeks her out as she enlists the help of a male third named Julian Moore . D'anclaude then attacks them and is revealed to be a second . While the police drop the case with D'anclaude 's supposed capture , Armitage and Julian search a databank for information on her origins . Armitage eventually defeats D'anclaude , but is too late to stop Julian from being killed . She and Ross break into the hospital D'anclaude was recovering in , branding themselves as criminals after the rescue . Armitage and Ross later go off in search of her " father " , Dr. Asakura , only to learn he had lost his mind , as explained by a gentler , reprogrammed version of D'anclaude , living with delusions of creating " Fourths " . His line of assassinroids were used by the government to kill Thirds so that there will be fewer birth rates on Mars , meaning the planet will have to ally with Earth , which they just did , to receive immigrants . During their time at Asakura 's facility , Ross and Armitage fall in love . The next day , after Asakura deactivates Armitage so he can install angelical wings and particle cannons on her chassis , the military kills Asakura and Armitage and Ross eventually finish off the military . Months later , Ross returns to Mars , using false IDs , however Armitage throws hers away after Ross Sylibus ' arrival . Ross learns that he is going to be a father . Set some years after the original plot , this film follows Naomi Armitage as she investigates a military attack on robotics plant on Earth . It had been several years since the events of the previous OVA . Naomi Armitage and Ross Sylibus , now living under assumed identities , are living in St. Lowell on Mars , along with their daughter Yoko . Ross now works for a company seeking to restore oceans to Mars by using ice asteroids . However , a new effort to restore the Third project prompts Naomi to travel to Earth to figure out what is happening . Meanwhile , Ross saves a facility from a group of terrorists and is declared a Martian hero . When Armitage arrives on Earth , she confronts Colonel Strings , hero of the First Error , which was a suppression of a robot uprising , which in reality , was to cover up the existence of the Thirds . But then he is shot by agents of an Earth Robotronics Corporation . Its vice president , Demetrio Mardini , asks Armitage to give the data on how Thirds can conceive so humanity can create a race of beings who exist to serve . She refuses so he resorts to force and unleashes a robot that scrambles her eyes . She manages to use her telepresence abilities to hack into its system and overload it . She then escapes but is damaged and is found by a repairer third named Mouse , who prides himself on his skill and frequently brags that he 's a " genius " . However , Mouse is also an informant to Demetrio and presents the data he found on Armitage ; but he only got the recent data and Demetrio wants the conception data . Mouse claims that he did not know about the conception data , and also that if it existed it would be with what he gave him ; but Demetrio refuses to believe either of these and tries to brutally force it with two clones of Armitage , who severely injure Mouse . He does not get anything and throws Mouse in the trash . Mouse swears revenge . Back on Mars , prime minister Fredrick O'Hara sends Ross to Earth to represent the planet in the support of robot rights , promising amnesty from the charges against them . However , Demetrio 's agents captured Yoko while Ross was away from the hotel , and is threatened that he will not see Yoko again if he votes for the Rights Bill , . With a little reluctance , Ross remains neutral on the bill . Demetrio 's agents , however , reveal that they were planning on killing Ross from the start , contrary to their deal . After a car chase , Armitage is able to save him at the very last moment . Together , they vow to rescue their daughter . They storm Demetrio 's compound ; Armitage deals with Demetrio while Ross saves Yoko . The same robot Armitage encountered earlier had been upgraded to withstand her telepresence attack . Meanwhile , Ross manages to locate Yoko in a freezer . Elsewhere , Demetrio demands the secret in exchange for forgetting the damages they committed against him and his company . Armitage lures him closer , presumably to tell him what he wants to know ; but she ends up kicking him in the crotch and telling him that Third conception is not simply data , it is about true love . With that she escapes again , forcing Demetrio to unleash the clones on her . She manages to evade the two and meets up with Ross and Yoko . Yoko is overjoyed to see her mother but recoils when she sees Armitage 's metal shoulder that was scraped off by the clones . Just then , they attack . While Armitage holds them off , Ross and Yoko make their way to an unused space elevator . It is here that Yoko shows that she has a photographic memory , leading them to the space elevator whose location she determined from a map she saw minutes beforehand . Soon , Armitage flees to Mouse , who repairs the damage and gives her a program that will allow her to go beyond her limited fighting abilities . He tells her that the password is " Heaven 's Door " ; but that if she exceeds more than her internal battery can handle , she will " be knocking at the Pearly Gates for real " . She also has him do her one more favor : broadcast the footage of the Third massacre attempts all over Earth and Mars . This compels Demetrio to command the clones to prevent the family from leaving . After both clones are beaten , Demetrio tries having the elevator 's defenses fired on their shuttle only to be killed by the last remaining clone , who is at the time controlled by what was left of Julian Moore in Poly - Matrix . Without Demetrio 's authorization , the turrets do nothing . A hologram of Julian Moore then appears , wishing the family goodbye . The movie ends with the family enjoying a day at the beach on Mars , on Naomi 's birthday . In a post-credits scene , Mouse salvages one of the Armitage clones for himself . It is then unknown what happens next in the Armitage series .
Tosun negative Lütfü ; Leyla positive Lütfü <$> The film is set in Ottoman - ruled Egypt . Two noble families are fighting for a lucrative parcel of land called ' The Green Valley ' . One family , led by Lütfü after his father becomes insane after receiving a harsh blow at the head , fears that they are falling behind in the bidding after the local governor 's daughter chooses to wed someone from the rival family , so they get their butler , Şaban , to pretend to be the general governor Tosun Paşa and turn the tide . Şaban , acting as Tosun Paşa tries to influence the governor into giving ' The Green Valley ' to Lütfü 's family and have his daughter , Leyla , marry Lütfü . However after seeing Leyla for the first time Şaban tries to woo Leyla , and after a quarrel with Lütfü , it is agreed that Lütfü keeps ' The Green Valley ' and Şaban gets Leyla . Meanwhile the real Tosun Paşa arrives as Ibrahim Paşa to find out why someone has usurped his name . When all is discovered at the wedding there is a big , and iconic , fight between the rival families , guests and locals .
Natasha positive he <$> After losing his wife during the World War II Veteran Kuzma Kuzmich Iordanov do not work , drinks alcohol , makes up his living by doing some odd jobs . From time to time they call him up at one of the Militia department to shame him and to threaten him with some jail time because of his " parasitiс " type of living his life , but all that staff does not seem to bother him much . One time Kuzma agrees to help one old lady to deliver a washing machine to her house he accidentally drops it and while running downstairs trying to catch it he stumbles and gets hurt bad enough so they have to take him to the hospital . The same old lady that he was delivering this washing machine for comes and visits him . He gets scared thinking she came to talk to him about the washing machine that he broke but as he realizes later she actually came to see if he was doing fine . As they talk she tells him her life story , as well as the story about one poor orphan child Natasha from her village . Kuzma desides to go out there and try to pretend to be Natasha 's father . Natasha indeed thinks this is her father and so truly believes so , that Kuzma decides to become a different person and stay on the right track . He does want to live a different life now as that poor girl really thinks he is her father - that changes Kuzma and not for his own sake but to make somebody 's life better he becomes a new man opposed to the heavy drinker he was before .
Anwar neutral Rahim ; Verma positive Rajesh ; Bansi negative Rajesh ; Hari neutral Govind <$> Govind and Rajesh are two brothers who are happy being brought up by their considerably older stepbrother Hari ( [ [ Sanjeev Kumar . However , when Hari has to leave home for two months to complete his law degree , his newly married wife Seema , jealous of her husband 's excessive affection for the two , misbehaves with them , forcing them to leave home and escape to Mumbai . After days spent doing menial labour , the two brothers are finally given a home by the widower Rahim , who has a son Anwar and daughter Farida . Govind takes on the responsibility of providing for his brother 's education by becoming the taxi - driver Chhotu Ustad . Rajesh , however , is ambitious and foppish , and spurns his brother and the latter 's pride by marrying the rich Seth Verma 's daughter Manju and staying at his father - in - law 's mansion . Verma 's brother Bansi , who has actually been instrumental in fixing up this marriage , employs the unsuspecting Rajesh to carry on a drug - smuggling trade using the vehicles of he Verma Transport Company , owned by the Seth . One such operation is foiled by the police , and Anwar , also mixed up in his business , is left seriously injured . Bansi 's men attempt to kidnap Anwar to destroy evidence when Govind is not at home . In the skirmish that ensues , Rahim is shot fatally . In the aftermath of the tragedy and Rajesh 's realisation of how he has been used by Bansi , Rajesh seeks his brother 's mercy . However , at this very moment , Bansi murders Seth Verma and tries to frame Rajesh for it . However , it is Govind who is found at the scene of the crime and accused of murder . The judge at his trial is Hari , who is now one of the leading legal eagles in the city . In the course of the trial , the real identity of the accused and his brother are revealed to Hari . Hari now steps down as judge and defends Govind . Through a series of astute investigations , he unearths the truth . Bansi , cornered , attempts to shoot Hari and escapes the courtroom , but is finally tracked down by Govind in his beloved taxi ' Basanti ' . As the smuggler is arrested , the three brothers are reconciled .
Coley negative Gashade <$> Willet Gashade , a former bounty hunter , returns to his small mining camp after a lengthy absence and finds his slow - witted friend Coley in a state of fear . Coley explains to Gashade that their partner , Leland Drum , had been shot to death two days before by an unseen assassin . The killing was possibly committed in revenge for the accidental trampling death of “ a little person ” in town , which may have been caused by Gashade ’s brother , Coin . Coin had inexplicably rushed away from their camp moments before the shooting death . Gashade and Coley become increasingly paranoid , and Gashade takes his friend ’s gun away from him . The following day , a young woman shoots her horse to death immediately outside of the camp . The sound of the gunshot temporarily sends the frightened Coley into hiding . Gashade examines the dead horse and notes that it appeared to be perfectly healthy . The woman offers Gashade a thousand dollars to lead her to a place called Kingsley . Although openly distrustful of her , he grudgingly accepts the offer . Coley , apparently smitten by the woman , accompanies them . The young woman is rude and insulting to both Gashade and Coley . She refuses to tell them her name . The three stop briefly in Crosstree . Gashade learns that Coin was seen there only a day or two before . As they continue traveling slowly through the hot desert , Gashade observes that they are being followed by a stranger dressed in black , Billy Spear , who continues to keep his distance from them . Gashade sees that the woman appears to be signaling to the man . Coley makes attempts to talk to the woman but she continually taunts and insults him . She also repeatedly refuses to answer any of Gashade ’s questions regarding the purpose of their journey . At night , Spear suddenly walks into their camp and joins them . Hired by the woman as a gunslinger for reasons unknown , Spear is suspicious and hostile toward Gashade and contemptuous of Coley . He repeatedly threatens both of their lives . Gashade advises Coley to keep away from Spear . The woman rides her horse hard . When it dies of exhaustion , Coley gives his horse to the woman and Gashade allows Coley to ride with him . Later , when Gashade 's horse shows signs of fatigue , Gashade tells Coley to join the woman on her horse , but Spear forbids him from doing so . The woman says that the journey would be much easier without Coley . She and Spear demand that he be left behind . Gashade reluctantly agrees , and he tells Coley he will come back for him soon . The three see a bearded man sitting in the middle of the desert nursing a broken leg . The man tells the woman that the person she is seeking is only one day 's ride away . She leaves him a canteen of water . Meanwhile , the bearded man 's lost horse is found by Coley . He mounts the horse , and rides back to the group . He charges Spear . Spear shoots him dead . Gashade buries his friend in the sand . All of the horses die . The group runs out of water , but they still keep moving . Gashade sees Spear growing weaker and attacks him . After knocking him unconscious , Gashade grabs a large rock and crushes the killer 's gun hand . Gashade walks after the woman , who is now closely following a man up the side of a rock formation . The man turns around and Gashade sees that the man is his look - alike brother , Coin . Gashade attempts to tackle the woman as she pulls out a gun and takes aim at Coin , but it is too late : Coin and the woman shoot each other dead . Gashade , lying next to the woman 's corpse , whispers , " Coin . " Spear stumbles aimlessly under the hot sun .
Hannay negative Smith ; Smith positive Pamela ; Hannay negative Jordan ; Hannay negative Pamela ; Pamela neutral Mr. <$> Richard Hannay is watching a demonstration of the superlative powers of recall of " Mr. Memory " at a London music hall theatre when shots are fired.In the ensuing panic , he finds himself holding a seemingly - frightened Annabella Smith , who talks him into taking her back to his apartment . There , she tells him that she is a spy , being chased by assassins , and that she has uncovered a plot to steal vital British military secrets , masterminded by a man with the top joint missing from one of his fingers . She mentions the " 39 steps " , but does not explain its meaning . Later that night , Smith bursts into Hannay 's bedroom , fatally stabbed in the back , and warns him to escape . He finds a map of Scotland clutched in her hand , with a town circled . He sneaks out of the watched apartment disguised as a milkman and boards a train to Scotland . He sees the police searching the train and learns from a newspaper that he is the target of a nationwide manhunt for Smith 's murderer . Quickly , he enters a compartment and kisses the sole occupant , the attractive Pamela , in a desperate attempt to escape detection . She however frees herself from his unwanted embrace and alerts the policemen . Hannay jumps from the train onto the Forth Bridge and escapes . He walks toward the town circled on the map , and stays the night with a poor crofter and his much younger wife . The next morning , Hannay is chased by the police , wearing the farmer 's Sunday coat . Hannay presumes that the only new resident in the town must be Annabella 's contact , whom she was trying to meet and tell of ' the 39 Steps . ' Police still in pursuit , he arrives at the man 's house , and tells his story to the seemingly respectable Professor Jordan , who then shows that he is missing part of a finger . Hannay realizes his mistake , but Jordan shoots and leaves him for dead . Luckily , the bullet is stopped by the farmer 's hymnbook , left in a coat pocket . Hannay goes to the local police , but they refuse to believe his story , since the inspector knows Jordan well . Hannay jumps through a window and escapes into the crowd . He tries to hide himself in a political meeting , but is mistaken for the introductory speaker ; he gives a rousing impromptu speech , but is recognised by Pamela , who gives him up once more . He is handcuffed and taken away by " policemen " , who ask Pamela to accompany them . Hannay realises they are agents of the conspiracy when they bypass the nearest police station . Hannay is handcuffed to Pamela while the men try to disperse a flock of sheep blocking the road , but he still manages to escape , dragging the unwilling Pamela along . They travel across the countryside and stay the night at an inn . While he sleeps , she manages to slip out of the handcuffs , but then overhears one of the fake policemen on the telephone ; the conversation confirms Hannay 's assertions . She returns to the room and sleeps on a sofa . Next morning , she tells him what she heard . He sends her to London to warn the police . No secret documents have been reported missing however , so they do not believe her . Instead , they follow her to get to Hannay . She leads them to Mr. Memory 's show at the London Palladium . When the performer is introduced , Hannay recognises his theme music : it 's the annoyingly catchy tune he has n't been able to forget for days . Hannay puts two and two together and realises that the spies are using Mr. Memory to smuggle the secrets out . As the police take him into custody , he shouts out the question , " What are the 39 Steps ? " Mr. Memory compulsively begins to answer , " The 39 Steps is an organisation of spies , collecting information on behalf of the foreign office of .... " Jordan shoots him and tries to flee , but is apprehended . The dying Mr. Memory recites the information stored in his brain , a design for a silent aircraft engine .
Lauren negative Victor ; Sean negative Paul ; Lauren negative Sean ; Lara negative Sean <$> Set at the fictional Camden College in New Hampshire , the film opens at the " End of the World " party , where students Lauren Hynde , Paul Denton , and Sean Bateman give apathetic interior monologues on their lives and briefly exchange glances with one another . Lauren , previously a virgin , takes a film student upstairs to have sex , only to wake up being raped by a townie while the film student records it ; upon waking , she reflects on how she had planned to lose her virginity to Victor , her now ex-boyfriend . Meanwhile , Paul tries to have sex with a jock , only to be bashed when it turns out he is deeply closeted ; additionally , a bruised Sean tears up a purple letter , before approaching and having sex with a blonde girl at the party . The plot then moves backwards several months and explores the love triangle between Lauren , Paul and Sean . Misinterpreting Sean 's friendliness , Paul mistakes him for a homosexual and makes several advances that Sean is apparently oblivious to . Concurrently , Lauren also finds herself attracted to Sean despite saving her virginity for her traveling boyfriend , Victor . Sean reciprocates her feelings , and assumes the anonymous , purple love letters he has started receiving are from her . While Paul is visiting his friend , Dick , Sean is seduced by Lauren 's roommate Lara , who tells him that Lauren is n't interested in him because she has a boyfriend ; despite having sex with Lara , however , Sean regrets it and realizes that he is in love with Lauren . It is then revealed that another , unnamed girl is the author of Sean 's love letters ; after seeing him leave the party with Lara , she sends him a suicide note before cutting her wrists in the dorm bathtub . Lauren , finding Sean with Lara , runs to the girls bathroom in anger , only to find the unnamed girl 's corpse , leaving Lauren extremely distressed . Sean , still believing Lauren wrote the purple letters , misinterprets the suicide note and assumes Lauren never wants to be with him . After numerous failed attempts at suicide , Sean then fakes his death and , unaware that Lauren recently found a corpse , unintentionally upsets her further when she finds him pretending to be dead . After stealing drugs from dealer Guest , Sean tries to speak to Lauren again , only for her to brush him off angrily . Finally happy now that Victor has returned to Camden College , Lauren is completely distraught to find Victor has no idea who she is . Paul , upon finding a drunk Sean , tries to talk to him , only for Sean to reject him , causing Paul to run off upset . Sean then finds that the love notes have stopped , and is beaten by Guest . The protagonists then attend the " End of the World " party and the plot returns to the introduction . After seeing Lauren heading upstairs with the filmmaker , Sean finally accepts he can not be with her , and tears up one of the purple letters he believes to be from her . It 's then revealed that , rather than having sex with the blonde girl as he does in the intro , Sean was merely fantasizing , and he instead leaves his drink and exits . Paul and Lauren then meet on the house porch and reflect on the events of the movie and on Sean , who is seen leaving on a motorcycle . Sean then begins narrating his thoughts , only for them to end prematurely .
Lexi neutral Brad ; Timmy neutral Brad ; Alvaro neutral Brad ; Marshall neutral Brad <$> { { Plot } } The film opens with Brad , an out of work musician , making a cup of latte for his wife Lexi who is still in bed . She soon leaves for work and Brad is left at home alone . Over the radio he hears that several suspected dirty bombs have been detonated across Los Angeles . He exits his house and sees large amounts of smoke rising from the city center and gets into his car to drive towards the city center in order to find her . Brad tries to contact her through her cell phone , but only receives a busy signal . He soon finds that most roads now have police blockades . An ash covered car is stopped by the police . One policeman notices Brad watching from inside his car and goes over to him to tell him to go back home . The police officers aim their weapons at the driver as he gets out and demand that he get back into his car . He ignores their warning and is shot down by the police . Brad decides to leave and go back home when he encounters a small boy called Timmy who is watching the rising smoke from the city center . Brad tells him to run home to his parents as fast as he can as it is not safe where he is . Once home Alvaro ( [ [ Tony Perez enters the house and asks Brad if he can stay with him as there is no one at the neighbor 's house where he was working . They hear that survivors of the blasts are being quarantined as the weapons were dirty bombs and the authorities advise people to seal up their homes before the contaminated dust cloud reaches them . Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal up the house with duct tape and plastic . As it becomes increasingly more obvious that Lexi might not come home , he takes some of Lexi 's clothes and leaves them outside the back door with some food and water . Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal off the front door . Radio newscasts claim that the bombs contained several toxins and an unknown viral strain . Lexi has been involved in a car crash but is still alive . She walks home still covered in the dust and Brad realizes she could infect both himself and Alvaro so does not let her in . Lexi becomes desperate believing that Brad had planned to lock her out of the house . She loses her temper and throws her cell phone at one of the door panes , breaking it . Brad and Alvaro both rush to cover up the breakage and seal it off . Together they manage to calm down Lexi . Brad then seals off the main bedroom from the rest of the house so that Lexi can get into it . Lexi receives a call from her mother , who realizes that she was near the explosion and is probably infected . Her pleas for Lexi to go to a hospital fall on deaf ears , as Lexi tells her that the rest of the country is seeing news that is not reflecting the reality of the situation . A car alarm goes off revealing Timmy standing next to it . Lexi calls him over and Brad seals off another part of the house in order for Lexi and Timmy to clean off the ash up in the bathroom . Alvaro soon decides to leave the house as he " needs to be with his wife " . Brad tries to convince him to stay but the last we see of Alvaro is him walking down the road slowly getting covered by the ash . Lexi hears a noise from the back and alerts Brad . A masked man appears who reveals himself to be Rick . He tells Lexi that there is a ship on the coast that has medical supplies and is helping people . Lexi , Rick and Timmy leave for help and Brad hears newscasts on the radio saying that the bombs contained a hybrid viral strain that attacks the respiratory system . That same night Brad is visited by a Corporal Marshall and his men . He asks Brad several questions , such as how well his house has been sealed , who else is there / has been there , and if there had been any contact between him and anyone on the outside . Brad mentions the cell - phone which Lexi had thrown through the window and the marshall demands a sample of the dust off the phone . Marshall tells Brad that he will soon be back with the results and that his wife should under no circumstances be let into the house . As the marshall leaves we hear him recite the home 's address and say " Red Tag " . Lexi returns home the next day without Timmy or Rick and sees the red tag placed outside the house . Lexi tells Brad that Timmy was treated with all the other children and that she saw five men get shot . Lexi rings her brother Jason so that she can have someone to talk to about simple things to pass the time , after she could not cope with talking to her mother who is frantic with worry about her . The next couple of hours are spent with Brad and Lexi on either side of their back door talking to each other about what they will do , assuming that they survive this crisis . Brad imagines that after this they will both probably end up on one of those morning talk shows where everyone goes to reveal their woes . Troops appear from the side of the house and grab Lexi while preventing Brad from coming outside to interfere with them . The soldier manages to calm Brad down and explains to him that because Brad did such a good job sealing up the house there was no new air to circulate through . The virus has now multiplied to lethal levels and the air inside the house has become lethal . Brad does n't understand what the soldier is saying and insists that they bring his wife back . The marshall tells him " Please do n't struggle . " A large heavy piece of plywood is put over the back door which completely covers it . A hole is drilled through the wood and a pipe appears through which a gas starts to be pumped in . More boards seal the windows and doors but Brad manages to break down the plywood covering his front door , only to discover that a fumigation tent has been erected over the whole house . He tries to tear through the tent and is knocked unconscious by the rifle butt of a soldier as Lexi screams Brad 's name . The camera cuts to Brad as he takes his last few breaths . Lexi is sitting on the edge of an ambulance being attended to by a female nurse who says " Say a prayer ; you might just make it . " The film closes with Lexi in too much shock to say anything , her cell phone ringing .
Jennifer negative Dave ; her positive Dave ; Jennifer neutral her ; her neutral Medusa ; her neutral FBI <$> The film opens as normal while Samuel " Rocky " Douglas , Jeffrey " Colt " Douglas , and Michael " Tum Tum " Douglas are at the home of their Grandfather Mori for the summer to perform their ninja training . After being put to an obstacle course test and failing , he overhears Rocky and Colt talking about no longer returning since they are older and have more adult things to do , depressing him . After they return home from their vacation , they meet Amanda when their heads are almost buzzed off when her out - of - control radio - controlled helicopter also broke one of their windows . After making amends , she is invited to Tum Tum 's birthday party the following day at Mega Mountain which she accepts . Tum Tum is also very depressed when his favorite action hero Dave Dragon is set to retire and end his television series due to poor ratings , and even concerns his mother when she offers him food , to which he replies that he says " No thanks Mom , I 'm not hungry " . The following day , the boys and Amanda are dropped off at Mega Mountain , and Rocky disappoints the group by opting to spend the day with his girlfriend Jennifer rather than spend it with Tum Tum and his wanting to see Dave Dragon who is performing live for his final performance . Colt and Tum Tum both admit the admiration toward him and remember how cool he had been previously . During these goings - on , a master criminal named Mary Ann " Medusa " Rogers , her right - hand man Lothar Zogg , her Jamaican sidekick C.J. , her three idiot nephews Carl , Buelow , and Zed ( [ [ Brendan O'Brien , and a small group of mercenaries infiltrate the park , take over its operations , and attempt to take out Dave after his performance . Medusa threatens the park 's owner Harry Jacobson to pay her enough money or she will cause accidents on the rides . This causes the police and the FBI led by the boys ' father Sam to be called in . After fending off the thugs and rejoining Rocky who had spotted them while away from Jennifer , they wake up Dave and become suspicious as a great deal of the park is closed off and several rides begin to go crazy . Amanda utilizes a hand - held computer and is able to hack out some of the programs . However , Medusa quickly has her access locked out , and suspends a roller coaster train full of people at the top of a loop , threatening Harry with their deaths if he does not pay her a large sum of money . Dave tries to infiltrate their operations , and is captured while Colt , Rocky , Tum Tum , and Amanda continue to evade Medusa 's henchmen and her nephews . She manages to have her nephews kidnap Jennifer and use her as bait to keep the kids from interfering by tying her to the roller coaster tracks and threatening to release the train , causing it to run over her . Rocky battles with Lothar when attempting to free her , and causes him to literally bounce out of the park and into the hands of the authorities . Medusa releases the train to race pass by Rocky and Jennifer . She tells him that he saved her and kisses him . Harry then begins to give Medusa the $ 10 million bag by bag . But as the final bag drops Amanda uses her helicopter to cut it open . Medusa discovers this and grabs her . Rocky meets up with his brothers and they run into Dave . After they inform him about Amanda 's capture they all unite to save her . Meanwhile Medusa tells her about her plans for her . She plans to use her as a hostage to escape . Then she will be her personal slave to work off the lost money . Medusa estimates that in 50 years they will be even . The boys are able to defeat many ninjas before they catch up to her . She compliments their skills but then decides to even the odds by shooting the lights out . This gives her ninjas the upper hand because they have night vision goggles . While they are taken care of she gives Amanda a little " surprise . " Instead of being Medusa 's slave , she will be blown to bits by a bomb that she leaves behind . The boys manage to overcome their inability to see in the dark and save Amanda , but her computer breaks down and she can not disarm the bomb she 's attached to . Thinking quickly , they attach it to an oxygen tank on rollers and attempt to break its valve to send it away . But despite the boys ' skills as ninjas , they lack the physical strength to break the valve . Luckily , Dave arrives and breaks the valve instead . The oxygen tanks send off like a torpedo directly toward Medusa 's escape route . The explosion draws the authorities ' attention , and they quickly capture her still clutching her bag of money . She pouts and seats herself with it , surrendering to the FBI . Once Medusa and her minions are in jail , the boys also give credit to Dave for helping to save the park when interviewed by the media . Later , they assure Mori that they are not going to give up their summers with him for anything , enjoying learning to be ninjas , and even recruit Amanda to join them next time , an offer she accepts graciously .
Haywood negative Penelope <$> Jesse W. Haywood graduates from dental school in Philadelphia in 1870 and goes west to become a frontier dentist . As a " city slicker " , he finds himself bungling in a new environment . On his way west , the stagecoach is held up and robbed by two masked bandits . A posse catches one of them , Penelope " Bad Penny " Cushing . Facing prison , Penelope is offered a pardon if she will track down a ring of gun smugglers that also involves a local Indian tribe . She tricks Haywood into a sham marriage as a disguise . Haywood inadvertently becomes the legendary " Doc the Heywood " after he guns down " Arnold the Kid " and performs other exploits . There are a couple of scenes which parody similar scenes in The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance with John Wayne and James Stewart . The stage coach holdup scene is the first encounter that both city dudes have with the " wild west " . In the gunfight scene , both " dudes " are about to be shot down in duels with trained gunfighters when they are saved by one of the good guys who shoots the villain from a hidden position which makes the shooting look like the underdog winning a legitimate gunfight .
Viv negative Carl ; Tom positive Carl ; Viv positive Tom <$> The film is based around a teacher named Carl who 's living his everyday life while trying to cope with his fear of terrorist nuclear attacks . However , with the threat so high he soon lets loose and jeopardizes his family and friends.Jackson , Charreah . " Hill Harper : Lessons on Love " . Essence . Retrieved June 14 , 2011 . This fear begins when he hears constant talk of terrorism on the news . He soon begins to have nightmares about himself and his family dying as a result of a nuclear terrorist attack . He searches on the internet for " how to protect your family from a terrorist attack " . He ends up at a seminar he finds on a website that specializes in providing people with steps to prepare for an attack . There , he meets comedian Tom Arnold , who is also having fears of an attack . He and Arnold end up forming a close relationship later in the film . Carl begins to clean out his basement and convert it into a fallout shelter . He fills it with emergency supply items . This worries his wife Viv , who is pregnant . She sends him to a therapist , whom Carl dislikes . Viv is even more worried when Tom takes Carl out to the shooting range at a gun shop , where Carl buys a 9 mm Glock pistol . He places it and some gold he buys in a safe , which is delivered by three shady - looking characters . The gold , safe , and gun are lost when the same guys who delivered the safe , rob Carl and tie him and Viv up in the shelter . During a scene when Carl is scanning his shelter for radiation , he sees a high radiation count in a plate he obtained from a homeless man earlier in the film . He returns the plate to him , however the man does not believe him and gives him a card to a mental health clinic . In one scene , Carl goes to a comedy club where Tom is performing , and hears Tom joking about him . He feels betrayed , and avoids contact with Tom . Carl soon begins to believe that America is a dangerous place , and he searches for a home in British Columbia . This leads to Viv and him being separated . Carl buys the new house and says goodbye to his wife when she is heading to work . Just as Carl is packing , Tom calls him , and apologizes for his stage performance . He then tells Carl that one of his friends deep in the government reported that bomb disposal units have been dispatched to downtown L.A. , where an armed suitcase nuke had been found . Tom has saved two seats in a jet for him and Viv to escape from the impending attack . Carl agrees to go along and gets his dog , and then tries to warn Viv . She does not believe him and hangs up on him . Carl then calls his students and warns them to take shelter . The Emergency Alert System comes on the air and broadcasts an EAN warning of the terrorist attack . Carl calls Viv again , who now believes him but can not leave because she is working the crisis at City Hall . He shows up at the airport , and tells Tom he 's not going . He gives Tom his dog and drives to the government building to find Viv and take shelter . With two minutes left until the bomb detonates , he finds her working the 911 service . When he tells Viv to go to the shelter with him , she expresses concerns about the people needing help . In the last seconds before detonation , Viv and Carl say they love each other one last time . The explosion is not shown , however Carl gives an afterword .
Padmavathi positive Karthik ; Bhanu positive Padmavathi ; Rama positive Padhu ; Padhu negative Karthik ; Rama positive Karthik ; Bhanu positive Karthik ; Pawan positive Karthik ; Bhanu neutral Pawan <$> Karthik is a rich architect in Ooty . He falls in love with Padhu . Padmavathi takes her own sweet time to accept Karthik 's love . Padmavathi has a cute cousin sister Bhanu . Bhanu encourages their love and gives courage to Padhu . When Padhu reveals about her love , her father Rama Chandraiah resists and asks her to marry the guy he has chosen for her . Padhu flees from home and marries Karthik . Padmavathi is very eager to get back to her parents and get their blessings . Karthik and Padmavathi migrate to New Zealand and they give birth to a kid named Lucky . Padhu dies in an accident . Rama Chandraiah has a very big joint family . A few of the family members opine that inviting Karthik and his kid for a marriage to be happened at their place would give an opportunity to get a closer look at Lucky . When Karthik visits Rama Chandraiah 's place he gets mixed responses from different people in the house . Rama Chandraiah does n't like Karthik and others like him . Over a period of time , Karthik impresses them all and when he was about to go back to New Zealand , Rama Chandraiah expresses his repentance for whatever happened and says that he is accepting Karthik as his son - in - law . Bhanu has fallen in love with Karthik . She meets Karthik , a widower now . She still has feelings for him . But at the same time , there is Pawan - a childhood friend of Bhanu - who is deeply in love with her . Karthik returns to New Zealand . Bhanu along with Pawan visits Karthik . During that period Bhanu gets closer to Karthik . When Karthik realizes the intentions of Bhanu , he fixes Pawan as the fiancée for her . Now Bhanu is about to get married to Pawan . Bhanu loves Karthik , but Karthik hesitates to repeat the history by marrying a girl against the wishes of her family . Just as Karthik is about to leave for good with his son , Rama Chandraiah stops him from leaving and pleads him to marry Bhanu . Also , Pawan comes and pleads Karthik to marry Bhanu as he can tell that Bhanu is not happy about the marriage . The film has a happy ending with Karthik and Bhanu marrying .
Khanna positive Rani ; Khanna positive Vishal ; Vishal positive Rani <$> Hero works for a courier company owned by Khanna . He is spirited and humorous and is in love with Rani , but she simply thinks of Hero as a good friend . Enter Inspector Vishal ( [ [ Arbaaz Khan , who works in the narcotics department . Vishal suspects Khanna to be involved in a drug ring and confronts him . Hero stands up to Vishal and defends his boss , but soon learns the truth behind Khanna . In a confrontation , Khanna kills Hero and shoots Vishal in the heart . The police department decides to transplant Hero ’s heart into Vishal ’s body . Hero now appears as a ghost and can only be seen by Vishal , since his heart is in Vishal ’s body . Hero says that he will only rest in peace after Khanna is killed , thus avenging him . Vishal decides to go about doing this , and he and Rani and Vishal begin to fall in love with each other . Hero dislikes this and tries to foil Vishal 's plans of getting close to Rani . But Hero and Vishal start getting closer and work together , becoming good friends after Vishal confronts Khanna 's drug company . Khanna arranges to leave the country , but kidnaps Rani . Vishal and Hero go to save Rani and fight off Khanna 's henchmen , but Vishal gets injured . Hero then goes inside him and controls his fighting moves , helping him to beat the thugs . Rani witnesses this and realizes that only Hero would do those kinds of moves . She calls out Hero 's name , though Vishal does not know that Hero is inside him . Rani then calls out to warn Vishal that a plane is moving towards him . Vishal and Hero stop the plane , which Kanna is in , and then confront him . As they are talking , Vishal becomes distracted , speaking to Hero , and Khanna takes the opputunity to shoot Vishal . Hero takes Vishal 's hand and shoots Khanna with the gun . Khanna finally dies , and as Rani is comforting Vishal , he tells her that Hero is with them and he loves Rani . Rani then tells Vishal to tell Hero that she loves Vishal . Khanna 's ghost rises from his dead body and Hero hits him . Khanna is taken to Hell and Hero is taken to Heaven . Afterwards , Rani and Vishal have gotten married and are spending their wedding night and honeymoon in a house on the water . It is shown that Hero , now an angel , is happily watching over them from Heaven .
Cécile positive her <$> An updated adaptation of Choderlos de Laclos ' classic 18th Century tale of seduction , betrayal and revenge set in the modern 1960s world of Parisian high society . The beautiful Madame de Merteuil seeks vengeance against her ex-lover Gercourt when he becomes engaged to her young goddaughter , Cécile . Merteuil turns to her ex - lover / partner - in - crime , Valmont , famous for his reputation as a Don Juan , to seduce Cécile and emotionally destroy her . While on his mission , Valmont gets sidetracked when he goes to visit his aunt and falls for Madame Tourvel , a virtuous , married woman who knows of his womanizing ways , but that only makes the challenge more exciting to Valmont . Together , Madame de Merteuil and Valmont make a dangerous team and they will stop at nothing when it comes to matters of the heart .
Mila neutral Will ; Billy negative Martinez <$> In 1870 . Ex . Confederate mercenaries and American Civil War veterans Sgt. Will Hansen , Ike , Hank , Jeb , and Billy ( [ [ Peter Ford have just emigrated from Texas , their home state in the United States , to South America . After their arrival , they are confronted by South American soldiers who ambush them and force them come with them to meet General Martinez , the evil , cold - hearted dictator of their country . They meet Martinez , he gives them a job : to go visit a San Carlos , town where rebel forces are preparing to start a Civil War between them and Martinez army , live amongst the rebels , and report back to him what they know within the next couple days . Will and his men take the job , but Martinez warns them that they 'll be severely punished if they fail him . The next day , while on their way to San Carlos , Will 's gang runs into a gypsy family who are on their way to the same town . Will escorts them after he and the gypsie 's daughter , Mila , both fall in love with each other at first sight . They all ride into San Carlos , meet the governor , and rent a cabin outside the town . Will and Mila sneak out that night and have sex . Mila father is angry when he hears of this and slices her cheek . When Will finds out about what Mila 's father has done to her , he shoots him in cold blood . Will and his gang disobey Martinez 's orders and do n't report back to him . Martinez kidnaps and hangs Will . Will 's gang find him and give him a funeral . They vow to avenge their friend 's murder . They join the rebels in a battle with Martinez 's army and drive them back . They later ambush Martinez and the rest of his surviving soldiers in a canyon , joined by the rebel army 's captain . They manage to kill Martinez , but all gunned down by his soldiers , accept for Billy , who was unconscious after falling from his horse . The film ends with Billy riding off into the sunset .
Sam negative Barbara ; Kessler negative Barbara ; Ken negative Sam ; Carol neutral Sam ; Sandy neutral Barbara ; Ken negative Earl ; Ken positive Sandy <$> Millionaire Sam Stone intends to murder his hated wife , Barbara to gain control of her $ 15 million family fortune and run off with his mistress Carol . However he is pre-empted by a phone call from an anonymous man announcing that Barbara has been kidnapped and that Sam must pay a ransom or she will be killed . Overjoyed , Sam deliberately disobeys all of the kidnapper 's demands , believing this will ensure his wife 's death . He is happy that she will die and he wo n't be legally implicated at all in her death . The kidnappers are Ken and Sandy Kessler , who want revenge on Sam for stealing Sandy 's fashion design , along with the Kessler 's life savings . Barbara is imprisoned in the Kessler 's basement , where she proves a handful to the amateur kidnappers . When Sam does n't show up with the ransom on several occasions , it becomes obvious to Ken that Sam does n't want his wife back , and would rather she were dead . Carol , having learned of Sam 's plan to kill Barbara , secretly intends to blackmail Sam , with the help of her handsome but dim - witted boyfriend Earl . Knowing Sam plans to dump his wife 's body in the Hollywood Hills at night , Carol has Earl lie in wait with a video camera . He mistakenly films a rendezvous between a prostitute and her client performing noisy sex in the front seat of a car . Earl , hearing the woman 's screams , thinks the murder is happening right in front of him . Without watching the tape , Carol sends an anonymous copy to Sam , who sees the sex act and thinks Carol has sent it to him as a tittilating birthday present . Carol sends another anonymous copy to police chief Henry Benton &mdash; who happens to be the prostitute 's client . When Carol calls him , Benton , thinking that he is being blackmailed , asks for her demands and she tells him to arrest Sam Stone for murdering his wife . Benton orders a search of Sam 's house , planning to plant evidence in it , but real evidence turns up — a bottle of chloroform Sam intended to use to sedate his wife , and pictures of Sam with Carol . The kidnapping investigation , which has led to Ken by now , is immediately called off , and Sam is arrested . Sam now faces the unhappy prospect of having to get his wife back in order to prove his innocence . Taking up exercise to relieve her boredom , Barbara loses twenty pounds . Unexpectedly , she bonds with Sandy over this , and Sandy lets Barbara wear some of her dress designs to show off her new figure . Barbara loves them , and offers to go into business with Sandy , so Sandy decides to let Barbara go . Barbara leaves the house , but comes back as soon as she finds out from the newspaper about Sam 's mistress ; she realizes he wanted her dead . She returns and is attacked in the Kessler 's home by a notorious local serial killer , The Bedroom Killer , who falls down the basement steps and dies . Barbara , Ken and Sandy plot revenge on Sam . Now desperate to prove his wife is alive , Sam offers to pay the ransom the moment Ken calls him again . Armed with Barbara 's inside knowledge , they have increased the ransom to equal Sam 's own personal net worth : over $ 2 million . Sam is outraged , but has no choice ; he withdraws the cash , but begs the police to watch the drop site . Carol finally views the videotape and realizes Earl 's mistake ; Barbara really was kidnapped . She calls Sam and learns the time and place of the ransom drop . At the ransom drop , Sam waits with his life savings in cash in a briefcase . Ken arrives in disguise to get the money , but then scores of hidden police suddenly appear . Sam gives the briefcase to Ken , but Earl arrives with a gun shortly after ; he is intent on robbing Sam , but he actually tries to rob Ken . In the ensuing confusion , Earl is captured , and Ken takes the briefcase in his car . He drives towards the coast , with many police cars following him . He drives onto — and eventually off of — the end of Santa Monica Pier with the ransom cash inside . The police search the water and bring up the car , with the body of the Bedroom Killer inside . Only a few thousand dollars of money are recovered from the sea . Although he has lost all his money , Sam holds out hope that Barbara will now definitely be killed — because if anything went wrong , they 'd kill her , and he 'd inherit her $ 15 million fortune . But Barbara shows up and lies to the police that her kidnapper was schizophrenic , believing himself to have accomplices , and so she was able to escape as soon as he left . The police walk away in satisfaction . Sam , meanwhile , is taken aback by how thin Barbara is . As they embrace , she beats him up , tells him that she wants a divorce and pushes him into the water . On a beach not far away , Ken emerges from the water in scuba gear , carrying the briefcase with the ransom cash . Sandy runs to meet him and embraces him lovingly . They are joined by Barbara .
Daniel negative Niall ; Daniel positive Sinead ; Daniel neutral Foley ; Daniel negative Quinn ; Sweeney negative Quinn <$> Father Sweeney , a gay Catholic priest living with HIV , commits suicide . His death leads local investigative journalist David Foley to write a story that publicly identifies Sweeney as having HIV . At the local seminary , two students near ordination are expelled because one , Daniel was seen leaving the room of the other , Niall . Niall is gay and Daniel is straight and they engaged in no sexual activity but were still expelled for the sake of appearances . Daniel returns home , where he is torn between his calling to the priesthood and his love for his ex-girlfriend Sinead . Daniel meets with Foley , who writes a follow - up article exposing a covered - up AIDS protest that Sweeney had staged at the Vatican three years earlier and Daniel 's dismissal . He also alleges that cardinals close to the Pope are engaged in sexual relationships and calls on the Church to re-examine its celibacy requirement for priests . The local bishop , Michael Quinn , pressures the editor of the local paper not to run the second story . The editor acquiesces but after reading the story sends it to the Irish Times , which prints it . The next day the bishop , his aide , Foley and Daniel appear together in a live television debate . Before the broadcast , agents of the Church threaten to harm Foley 's family unless he retracts his story on the air . Bishop Quinn offers to reinstate Daniel if Daniel is willing to admit he has been wrong . On - air Foley capitulates but Daniel does not , asking the bishop if he himself practices celibacy . When the bishop refuses to answer , Father Sweeney 's partner , former priest Matthew Francis confronts Quinn with Sweeney 's suicide note in which Sweeney discloses that Quinn and he had had an affair . At film 's end , Daniel is back at home with Sinead .
François negative she <$> The film begins with Michèle 's first journal entry , " I am 20 years old , and I have ruined my life ! " This is just one of the many journal entry titles that are flashed before every particular scene in the film . Michèle had just recently broken up with her boyfriend so she meets up with some of her friends at a café . It is there that she meets the charming veterinarian François . Though Michèle has a promising modeling career , she feels that something , or someone , is missing in her life . François quickly fills this void , and Michèle feels partially whole . She first claims that she is Catholic but is dissatisfied with the results of praying and worshipping . By recommendation , she begins to follow Buddhism through meditation and use of elaborate costume jewelry . Eventually , she discovers that François is Jewish ; however , he does not practice his faith . Throughout the film , she immerses herself in Judaism , following traditions such as the Sabbath . François breaks up with her by telling her " your touch sickens me " , after accusing her of lying . He then engages in several other affairs but fails to ever marry . She attempts to date a few men but does not create any true connections . Finally , at a wedding of their friend Valérie , Francois has broken up with yet another woman and claims to desire her . The movie ends with the famous line , " ... to be continued " leaving viewers curious about their future .
Barker positive George ; George negative Archie <$> George Norton is a low - level bumbler who works for Chicago crime boss Charley Barker . A well - dressed mama 's boy , George is in good standing with Barker , even gaining a promotion , until an incident that costs the mob a million dollars . George is indirectly responsible when Archie , a mob courier , is killed at a barbecue . After the funeral , Barker instructs George to dig up Archie 's body because $ 500,000 was stuffed inside the lining of each side of a blue suit that an unwitting George personally chose for the burial . George opens the casket to find it empty , then later occupied by a different corpse . He sets out to retrieve the body and the money before Barker gets angry enough to arrange a funeral for HIM .
Godfrey positive Cornelia ; Godfrey positive her ; Godfrey positive Tommy ; Cornelia positive Bullock <$> During the Great Depression , Godfrey " Smith " is living alongside other men down on their luck at the city dump . One night , spoiled socialite Cornelia Bullock offers him five dollars to be her " forgotten man " for a scavenger hunt . Annoyed , he advances on her , causing her to retreat and fall on a pile of ashes . She leaves in a fury , much to the glee of her younger sister , Irene . After talking with her , Godfrey finds her to be kind , if a bit scatter - brained . He offers to go with Irene to help her beat Cornelia . In the ballroom of the Waldorf - Ritz Hotel , Irene 's long - suffering businessman father , Alexander Bullock , waits resignedly as his ditsy wife , Angelica , and her mooching " protégé " Carlo play the frivolous game . Godfrey arrives and is " authenticated " by the scavenger hunt judge as a " forgotten man " . He then addresses the idle rich , expressing his contempt for their antics . Irene is apologetic and offers him a job as the family butler , which he gratefully accepts . The next morning , Godfrey is shown what to do by the sardonic , wise - cracking maid , Molly , the only servant who has been able to put up with the antics of the family . She warns him that he is just the latest in a long line of butlers . Only slightly daunted , he proves to be surprisingly competent , although Cornelia still holds a sizeable grudge . On the other hand , Irene considers Godfrey to be her protégé , and is thrilled by his success . A complication arises when a guest , Tommy Gray , greets Godfrey familiarly as an old friend . Godfrey quickly ad - libs that he was Tommy 's valet at school . Tommy plays along , mentioning Godfrey 's non-existent wife and five children . Dismayed , Irene impulsively announces her engagement to the surprised Charlie Van Rumple , but she soon breaks down in tears and flees after being politely congratulated by Godfrey . Over lunch the next day , Tommy is curious to know what one of the elite " Parkes of Boston " is doing as a servant . Godfrey explains that a broken love affair had left him considering suicide , but the optimistic , undaunted attitude of the men living at the dump rekindled his spirit . Meanwhile , when everything she does to make Godfrey 's life miserable fails , Cornelia sneaks into his room and plants her pearl necklace under his mattress . She then calls the police to report her " missing " jewelry . To Cornelia 's surprise , the pearls do not turn up , even when she suggests they check Godfrey 's bed . Mr. Bullock realizes his daughter has orchestrated the whole thing and sees the policemen out . The Bullocks then send their daughters off to Europe to get Irene away from Godfrey . When they return , Cornelia implies that she intends to seduce Godfrey . Worried , Irene stages a fainting spell and falls into Godfrey 's arms . He carries her to her bed , but while searching for smelling salts , he realizes she 's faking when he sees her sit up briefly . In revenge , he puts her in the shower and turns on the cold water full blast . Far from quenching her attraction , this merely confirms her hopes : " Oh Godfrey , now I know you love me ... You do or you would n't have lost your temper . " When confronted by the rest of the family , Godfrey quits . But Mr. Bullock has more pressing concerns . He first has a private " little chat " with Carlo , throwing the freeloader out . He then announces that his business is in dire financial straits and that he might even be facing criminal charges . Godfrey interrupts with unexpected good news — realizing Mr. Bullock 's problems , Godfrey had sold short , using money raised by pawning Cornelia 's necklace , then buying up the stock that Bullock had sold . He endorses over the stock certificates to the stunned Mr. Bullock , saving the family from financial ruin . He also returns the necklace to a humbled Cornelia , who apologizes for her attempt to frame him . Afterwards , Godfrey takes his leave . With the rest of his stock profits and reluctant business partner Tommy Gray 's backing , Godfrey has built a fashionable nightclub at the dump , " ... giving food and shelter to fifty people in the winter , and giving them employment in the summer . " Godfrey tells Tommy he quit being the Bullocks ' butler because " he felt that foolish feeling coming along again . " Later on , though , Irene tracks him down and bulldozes him into marriage , saying , " Stand still , Godfrey , it 'll all be over in a minute . "
Braggart negative Coward ; Coward negative Lobelia ; Lurkalot positive Braggart ; Lurkalot positive Lobelia ; Lurkalot negative Coward ; he neutral Lurkalot ; he negative Saladin ; he positive Robin <$> Eleanor of Aquitaine gave birth to twin sons - Lurkalot first and then Richard . But the nobles of the country - led by Sir Braggart de Bombast intercepted Lurkalot , stole him away and abandoned him in a forest to die . He was raised by a family of pigs who belonged to Sir Coward de Custard who realised he was n't a pig and took him in as a serf . By way of remittance , Lurkalot aids his master by selling love potions and chastity belts as well as some unusual inventions in the local village as Sir Coward is n't particularly successful a noble . Lurkalot is also visited by strange " voices " in the middle of the night who speak to him and try to tell him who he really is but get drowned out by events like lightning . All grown up , Richard is bored by ruling England and decides to go on a crusade . Meanwhile , Sir Braggart de Bombast wants to acquire Sir Coward 's lands and daughter for himself and makes him an offer . Sir Coward refuses but invites Sir Braggart and his followers to a banquet so as not to offend where a scene is made and Sir Coward refuses to toast Prince John . Offended , Sir Braggart challenges Sir Coward to a duel with Lady Lobelia as the prize . Lurkalot , although not a Knight , takes up the challenge as the " Man with no name " and defeats Sir Braggart 's champion , Sir Grumbell de Grunt with the aid of a giant magnet . Realising that the rules of chivalry have not been met , Sir Braggart declares the duel void and declares war . Lurkalot and Lady Lobelia flee the scene to his workshop where to protect his master 's daughter , he locks her up with a chastity belt . Sir Coward responds to the challenge by running away to join the crusades whilst Lurkalot , encouraged by his voices , goes to find both him and Richard the Lionheart . Once in the Holy Land , he discovers that the " crusades " are actually a Bacchanalian orgy , an excuse to leave the wives and families for a few years . Saladin is actually a friend of a crusader and started everything . Richard wo n't leave the Holy Land as he 's in his tent with Scheherazade and insists on trying every position in the Kama Sutra . Lurkalot 's voices provide inspiration and he takes all the unused weaponry and fashions them into chastity belts . He then brings feminism to Saladin 's women , who go on strike , and Richard is forced to return home , albeit very unwillingly . In Germany , Richard meets a local woman and decides to stay with her . He casually tosses Lurkalot the crown and says that if he looks like him , he can be him . Lurkalot returns to his home and attempts to rally the people but he is recognised as Lurkalot and is accused of witchcraft following his earlier escape from the castle where he used his flying machine . After being ducked , he is sentenced to death via burning , but is rescued by Robin Hood . They plan an attack on Sir Braggart and are joined by Sir Coward , who is fed up with being bullied and fortified by smoking from a hookah pipe . Meanwhile Richard has had to flee to England following an ignoble episode with his German woman and returns to Lurkalot 's village , where he is captured by people thinking he is Lurkalot . Sir Coward feigns severe illness to get him and Lurkalot into the castle , where they are incarcerated . He suffers withdrawal symptoms from the loss of his hookah and Lurkalot offers to make him a remedy based on sulphur and charcoal but spills in saltpeter by accident . He mixes it together , but Sir Coward , who hates taking medicine , throws it in the direction of a fire , where it ignites and blows open the door . Lurkalot calls his new invention " gone powder " and they use it to open the castle gate , where Robin Hood can attack . Meanwhile Sir Braggart duels Lurkalot and reveals that he must be Richard 's twin brother . The two battle all over the castle and he is eventually forced to flee in disgrace . Richard then resumes his rule and everything is right in the land . He agrees to marry Lady Lobelia and makes Lurkalot a Knight but in the final scene , Lurkalot gets Lady Lobelia whilst Richard returns to Scheherazade .
Lightoller neutral Murdoch <$> The Titanic was the largest vessel afloat , and was widely believed to be unsinkable . Her passengers included the cream of American and British society . The story of her sinking is told from the point of view of her passengers and crew , principally Second Officer Charles Lightoller . Once in the open sea on her maiden voyage , the Titanic receives a number of ice warnings from nearby steamers . Captain Edward J. Smith is unconcerned and the ship continues on at high speed . Late on 14 April 1912 , lookout Frederick Fleet ( [ [ Bernard Fox spots an iceberg directly in front of the ship . The ship turns hard to port , but the Titanic collides with the iceberg on its starboard side , opening the first five compartments to the sea , below the waterline . Thomas Andrews , the ship 's builder , inspects the damage and finds that the ship will soon sink , a bad situation made horrific by the fact the ship does not have sufficient lifeboat capacity for everyone on board . A distress signal is immediately sent out , and efforts begin to signal a ship that is seen on the horizon , a mere 10 miles away . But the ship 's radio operator is off duty and he does not hear the distress signal . Fortunately , the radio operator on the { { RMS } } receives the distress call , understands the emergency and immediately alerts Captain Arthur Rostron who promptly orders the ship to head to the Titanic at maximum speed . Captain Smith orders his officers Lightoller and William Murdoch to start lowering the lifeboats . Many women and children are reluctant to get in a small , cramped lifeboat , and Murdoch and Lightoller must use force to put them in . Many men try to sneak into the lifeboats , but Lightoller will not allow them . Murdoch , working the other side of the ship , is shown as more accommodating to men . As the stewards struggle to hold back women and children holding third - class tickets , most of the women and children from second and first class climb into the lifeboats and launch away from the ship . The bow of the ship is swiftly taking in a lot of water and there are only two collapsible lifeboats left . Lightoller and other able seamen struggle to untie them and , unable to take the time to put passengers into the boats , leave them in the hope that the boats will save more lives . The { { RMS } } is four hours away and is racing to the site , in hope of saving more lives . The ship sinks amid much chaos on the decks , with third class passengers allowed up from below after the boats are gone . Lightoller and many others swim off the ship . The ship sinks deeper into the water ; suddenly a funnel breaks loose and crashes into the water and the ship goes down . One of the overturned collapsibles is floating , so Lightoller and a few more men balance on the boat and wait . Chief Baker Charles Joughin is found in the water , not minding the cold because he 's been drinking , and pulled up on the boat . Lightoller spots another lifeboat and the men are saved . The Carpathia comes and rescues the survivors . As the film ends , Lightoller , the senior surviving officer , reflects that they were all so sure about the safety of the ship , and that he will " never be sure again , about anything . "
Gray negative Henry ; Gray negative Jim <$> When a naïve young Dorian Gray arrives in a train to Victorian London , he is swept into a social whirlwind by the charismatic Lord Henry Wotton , who introduces Gray to the hedonistic pleasures of the city . Lord Henry 's friend , society artist Basil Hallward , paints a portrait of Gray to capture the full power of his youthful beauty . When the portrait is unveiled , Gray makes a flippant pledge : he would give anything to stay as he is in the picture — even his soul . Gray meets and falls in love with young budding actress Sibyl Vane . After a few weeks , he proposes marriage to her , but after Lord Henry tells Gray that having children is " the beginning of the end " , he takes Gray to a brothel . This breaks Sibyl 's heart as Gray leaves her ; drowning herself soon after . Gray learns of this next day from her brother " Jim " , who tells Gray that Sybil was pregnant . Jim then tries to kill Gray before being restrained and carried off by the authorities . Gray 's initial grief disappears as Lord Henry persuades him that all events are mere experiences and without consequence , and his hedonistic lifestyle worsens , distancing him from a concerned Hallward . Gray goes home to find the portrait of himself warped and twisted and realises that his pledge has come true ; while the portrait ages , its owner 's sins are shown as physical defects on the canvas . The chaos of the portrait of Gray starts , leading him to brutally kill Hallward after telling him his secret , dumping the body in the River Thames . Having left London to travel for many years , Gray returns to London and during the welcome - back party the guests are surprised to see that he has not aged at all . He becomes close to Lord Henry 's daughter , Emily , a member of the UK suffragette movement , despite Lord Henry 's distaste for such a relationship due to Gray 's lifestyle and unnatural appearance , Emily having provided Lord Henry with a greater moral focus . Although Gray appears genuinely interested in changing his ways as he spends time with Emily , matters are complicated when he is confronted by James , still seeking revenge for his sister 's death ; despite Gray 's attempts to drive off his suspicions by pointing out his apparent age , James nevertheless deduces Gray 's true identity , only to be killed by a train during the chase in the London Underground . As Gray makes arrangements to leave London with Emily , Lord Henry 's study of old photographs makes him remember the time when he teased Gray to deal with the devil for eternal youth and beauty at the cost of his soul . Breaking into Gray 's house as Gray and Emily are making plans to leave together , Lord Henry discovers the concealed portrait , but is interrupted by Gray before he can uncover it . Although Gray attempts to convince Lord Henry that he still cherishes his friendship and genuinely loves his daughter , Lord Henry discovers a stained scarf of Basil 's in a box , prompting Gray to angrily declare that he is what Lord Henry has made him , the personification of the life he preached but never dared practise . Full of anger and grief , Gray attempts to strangle Lord Henry , but is distracted by Emily 's call long enough for Lord Henry to knock him aside and expose the portrait . Disgusted and horrified at the twisted sight on the canvas , Lord Henry throws a lit lamp at the portrait , causing it to catch fire , subsequently locking the gate of the attic , to ensure Gray and the painting are destroyed , before his daughter sees the ruckus as she pleads with Gray for the key . Gray , after seeing her and realising that he really loves her , turns his back as Lord Henry drags his daughter out of the house , his last words being to assure Emily that she has his whole heart . Resolving to end it all , Gray stabs the painting with a poker , causing his body to age the years that it has never suffered , Gray charging at the portrait to fully impale it as his years catch up to him before the attic is consumed by an explosion . A few months later , scarred from the explosion and after attempting to reconcile with Emily through Agatha over the phone , Lord Henry heads to his attic where he keeps the now - youthful portrait of Gray , grimly noting that nobody will look at it now . As Lord Henry leaves , the portrait 's eyes glow , suggesting that Gray 's soul may still be within the portrait even after his death .
Angus neutral Loch ; Angus neutral Lewis ; Angus negative Hamilton ; Angus positive Crusoe <$> In present - day Scotland , an American tourist couple go into a bar where they meet an old man who tells them a story about the Loch Ness Monster . In 1942 Scotland a boy called Angus MacMorrow lives in a large manor house on the shores of Loch Ness with his mother Anne , his sister , a cook , a maid and an old game keeper . Later they are joined by Lewis Mowbray , who comes to work as a handyman in the manor . Angus ' father — a sailor in the Royal Navy — is missing since his ship has been sunk in the war . However , Angus is unable to accept that he may be dead . One day , while looking for seashells in the tidepools , he discovers what appears to be a large mysterious egg . He leaves it in his father 's shed and returns later to check on it . An unknown creature hatches from it whom he calls ' Crusoe ' after Robinson Crusoe , that becomes the fabled Loch Ness Monster . Angus keeps the creature a secret , but eventually tells his sister and Lewis about it . Lewis explains to Angus that it is a " Water Horse " and that it could be a boy or a girl , that it lays one egg , then dies before it can see it hatch . The next day troops of the 12th Medium Regiment Royal Artillery arrive at the house . They are commanded by Captain Thomas Hamilton a friend of Lord Killin , the owner of the house who is serving with the Royal Air Force . An artillery battery is set up near the lake as defence against possible attacking or hiding German U-boats and the troops set up camp on the grounds of the house . An anti-submarine net is also raised at the mouth of the lake to prevent the entrance of German U-boats into the lake . Meanwhile , Crusoe grows so fast that hiding him becomes impossible and eventually Angus has no other option but to allow Lewis to bring it to the lake . Captain Hamilton persuades Angus ' mother to allow him to teach Angus some discipline and make a soldier out of him . She agrees but after a few days Angus escapes and returns to the lake where he left his friend . Crusoe lets Angus ride on its back . After some time , it begins to dive underwater , coming to the surface from time to time for breathing . Angus , having aquaphobia , loudly protests that it should stop diving , but later enjoys himself , perhaps even overcoming his phobia for the sea . The peaceful setting does n't last long ; Crusoe suffers from shell shock after almost getting shot by " Victoria " aimed at the lake during a firing demonstration . Angus interrupts the demonstration , blowing up the cannon with a bazooka just as it fires to save Crusoe from getting killed . This obviously upsets Hamilton and Angus ' mother , who sends him to his room for a month as punishment for causing destructon to their defenses . Two people who previously saw Crusoe while fishing on the lake attempt to take a photo of it in order to become rich . When they realize that they wo n't be able to photograph the real thing due to the bombardment test , they decide to create an imitation , which results in the real - life faked picture of The Loch Ness Monster , also known as " The Surgeon 's Photo " . The photo , however fake , piques the interest of a few soldiers who venture out on the lake at night to kill it . The surprise attack proves futile for the soldiers , as Crusoe easily capsizes their boat . Angus attempts to calm Crusoe down and wades into the lake where he loses his footing and sinks . Crusoe comes to Angus ' rescue and saves his life . After much coaxing from Angus , Crusoe decides to leave the loch for shelter and safety . However , guns from the nearby Artillery battery open fire upon Crusoe , mistaking it for a German U-Boat . Crusoe attempts to jump over the anti-submarine net but instead crushes it with its weight and escapes from the lake also causes all their guns to blow up again . It is implied that Angus finally accepts that his father may never return home while he sees Crusoe 's departure from afar , along with Lewis and his family . After the story was told , a mother calls out to her son , who is walking down the beach and spots a rock . The rock looks similar to the egg that the water horse , or ' Nessie ' as known in modern times , had hatched from . The last thing that is heard in the film is a crack from the egg , hinting to the viewers that Crusoe has died , but not before leaving a descendant behind to be the next Nessie .
Celeste positive Jesse ; Celeste positive Scott ; Celeste negative Riley ; Tucker positive Beth ; Veronica neutral Jesse ; Beth neutral Celeste ; Max negative Celeste ; Max positive Jesse ; Celeste positive him <$> { { plot } } The film begins with a montage of Celeste and Jesse ; having met at a young age and becoming close friends , then eventually become lovers . The montage ends with Celeste walking away from Jesse during a party , while Jesse looks sad . In present day , Celeste and Jesse still get along well . Celeste is a successful trend analyzer and runs her own media company with her partner , Scott . Celeste 's media company has just signed Riley , a teen pop - star whom Celeste does not respect and openly bashes during a T.V. interview . Jesse on the other hand is an unemployed artist who seems to be in no hurry to find employment . One night , they have dinner with their mutual best friends , Beth and Tucker , who are engaged . During dinner , while Celeste and Jesse look at the menu and speak with German accents to each other , Beth becomes increasingly annoyed and confronts them about their abnormal relationship . She expresses that it 's not normal for them to spend everyday together like nothing is wrong . It is then revealed that they have been separated for 6 months and in the process of divorce . Celeste and Jesse tell Beth that it 's better this way because when they were together , they fought all the time and Beth and Tucker get caught in the middle . Angry , Beth storms off , with Tucker following her , having the same feelings . In the car ride home , Celeste and Jesse discuss whether they feel it 's weird that they spend so much together , and they assure each other it 's not weird because they are each other 's best friend . One day , Jesse is out with his friend Skillz who feels that Jesse should start dating other women . Jesse informs him that he 's hoping for Celeste to " come back around " . It is obvious that Jesse is still in - love with Celeste and is hoping she will change her mind about the divorce . While at work , Scott is questioning Celeste about whether she made the right decision divorcing Jesse and if she 's truly over him , she would also begin dating . One night , Celeste invites Jesse over to help her put together an Ikea dresser . They become frustrated from trying to built the drawer and they instead get drunk on wine and spend the night together . They both wake up and Celeste instantly regrets what happened the night before and this upsets Jesse and he storms out angry because he thought the night together meant Celeste had finally " came back around " . Celeste goes on a business trip and repeatedly tries to get a hold of Jesse . Jesse is then seen on a date with Veronica , a woman Skillz set him up with 3 months ago , but never called back after the first date . Celeste returns home after two weeks and Jesse comes over to speak to her . Jesse informs her that he is going to have a baby with Veronica , a woman she never knew he went out with 3 months ago , and wants to try to make things work for the sake of the baby . Celeste becomes disturbed by this and asks to be excused while she goes to the bathroom and becomes upset . She expresses her concern to Beth who questions about her having second thoughts with the divorce . Celeste assures Beth that she 's not having second thoughts and says she 's going on a date . Celeste goes on a date with Max . During the date , they run into Jesse . This makes Celeste feel awkward and ask Max to leave . Max says he 's not going to leave and meets Jesse , whom he finds is a cool guy . After the date , Celeste ask him when he 'd like to go out again , but Max turns her down and tell her that she 's not ready and she should take her time , just like he did when he was going through a divorce . Her second date is with Rupert , a model / actor who is young and hot . He sings to her during their date and she abruptly leaves , telling him she left a candle lit at home . Celeste is clearly uncomfortable with his singing and age . Her third date is with a photographer whom she is a big fan of . They initially hit it off and go back to the hotel and make - out . During their make - out session , he begins to masturbate while on top of her . This shocks her and she slowly creeps away from under him and leaves , but he continues to masturbate . In the mean time , Jesse is becoming closer to Veronica and even becomes a vegan . Jesse invites Celeste out for lunch at a vegan restaurant to confront her about their divorce papers . He informs Celeste that she needs to sign the papers because Veronica is not a U.S. citizen and they must get married for her to stay . This upsets Celeste and she storms out stating she 's busy because she has a job , unlike some people and says she 'll sign the papers when she has the time . As time passes , Celeste realizes that her decision to divorce Jesse was impulsive and selfish and starts to realize she still loves him and wants to be with him . Celeste ask Jesse to meet her at a bar where she express her interest in trying again and that she 'll try harder and do better . Jesse becomes upset and leaves . Celeste chases him outside and they begin to argue . Celeste calls Jesse a coward and Jesse tells her she 'll be alone forever . The argument ends with Celeste telling Jesse never to call her again and Jesse assuring her that she does not have to worry . Celeste becomes increasingly depressed and begins to drink and smoke weed excessively . In the process , she begins to have a relationship with Paul , who tries to pick her up after Yoga earlier in the film . She initially turns him down , but begins to warm up to him after she runs into him at a party . During Beth and Tucker 's bridal party , Celeste becomes drunk and passes out on a floaty in the pool , with everyone staring at her . After the bridal party , she gets a call from Riley who ask her to come over . Celeste believes that Riley is angry over the logo she designed for her that unintentionally resembles a penis with balls going into a butt . This logo sparks controversy with fans . However , Riley reveals that she actually likes the logo because she believes it speaks to her gay fan base . Celeste thinks that Riley could be the next Lady Gaga because of this . Celeste arrives at Riley 's house to find her in tears . Riley reveals that she has had a secret boyfriend , who she discovered has been cheating on her . They begin to bond over the common experience of heartbreak and slowly become friends . Later , Celeste runs into Rupert while walking with Riley and introduces them . At Beth and Tucker 's wedding , Celeste makes a toast . She tells the newlyweds to appreciate each other , to be patient , and to try harder , like she should have . This speech touches Jesse , and he thanks Celeste . They are able to reconcile and become friends again . Later , on a karaoke date , Celeste informs Paul that she can not continue to date him because of her divorce , which she feels she must go through alone . He tells her to call him when she is ready . We then see Celeste and Jesse finally signing their divorce papers and laughing at each other 's inside joke . Their lawyers look on , confused by their laughter . Celeste wishes Jesse well . She finally asks Jesse if he loves Veronica , to which he responds that he does . Celeste tells him to keep fighting for it . In the final scene , Celeste calls Paul while driving . She gets his voicemail , so she leaves a message stating she 's ready — to beat him at Scrabble .
Cesira negative her ; Cesira positive Michele <$> The story centers on Cesira , a widowed Roman shopkeeper , and Rosetta , her devoutly religious twelve - year - old daughter , during World War II . To escape the Allied bombing of Rome , Cesira and her daughter flee southern Lazio for her native Ciociaria , a rural , mountainous province of central Italy . After they arrive at Ciociaria , Cesira attracts the attention of a young local intellectual with communist sympathies named Michele . However , Michele is eventually taken prisoner by a company of German soldiers , who hope to use him as a guide to the mountainous terrain . Later , Cesira and Rosetta learn that he has been shot and killed by the same soldiers who took him hostage . After the Italian liberation , mother and daughter decide to go back to Rome . After experiencing mild harassment and propositioning throughout their journey , they fall subject to an unexpected tragedy . As they rest in a bombed - out church , they are captured and gang raped by Goumiers serving in the Free French forces under Alphonse Juin . Rosetta is particularly traumatized and has conflicting feelings for her mother . Eventually the two succeed in re-establishing the bond that linked them .
Regina negative Paul ; Regina positive Carlos ; Regina neutral Albert ; Regina positive Mark ; Albert negative Mark <$> Forty years after an unfinished occult ritual resulted in the disappearance of six children , an American family has moved into a never - before inhabited house in Spain . The mother , Maria , wants to get the place in order , while the father , Mark , goes to work , and their children , teenager Regina and her younger brother Paul , try to settle into their daily routines . It helps that Mark 's doctor - father , Albert Rua has furnished them with their residence and is nearby , especially when Mark begins to suffer from some mental breakdown attacks that periodically reoccur . Regina is not only worried about him , but also Paul who is now scared of the dark for the first time . The young boy has reason for that , however , as there seems to be some sort of supernatural force beneath his bed . Furthermore , there are instances when figures of children are seen standing in the shadow and darkness , watching the family . As Paul becomes more scared and their father increasingly unstable , Regina eventually figures out it must have something to do with their home where the power is lost everyday . With the help of her new friend , Carlos , the two eventually meet the man , Villalobos , who designed the house , and learn that it was built for a supernatural ritual requiring the sacrifice of seven children to coincide with an eclipse that only occurs every forty years . With the next one quickly approaching , and now armed with the knowledge that the earlier occult ritual needs one more death to be completed , Regina races to make sure that Paul is not the final victim . Taking a shortcut through her grandfather Albert 's house , Regina finds out that her grandfather is , in fact , a member of the cult which has been performing these satanic rituals . Her grandfather explains that in the ritual forty years ago , there actually were seven children in the original ritual , the seventh child being none other than Regina 's father , Mark . Albert did not sacrifice his son because at the last minute he realized that he did not love Mark . Waiting 40 years he has brought Mark and his family to the house with the intention of making sure Mark is sacrificed during this eclipse by " hands that love him . " Armed with this knowledge , Regina races back to her home to find her father in the midst of another nervous breakdown , choking on pills as the eclipse begins . Maria tries to perform a tracheotomy on him , but is unable to bring herself to make the cut . Regina volunteers to , but inadvertently causes his death . Since Regina genuinely loved Mark , the ritual is finally complete . The darkness then takes the form of Regina and Paul , convincing their mother to turn off the lights . The darkness kills Maria , and then takes the form of Regina 's friend Carlos , who picks them up in his car . The real Carlos arrives at the house , only to be killed by the darkness . The movie ends with the fake Carlos drives Regina and Paul into a dark tunnel , where it is implied that the darkness kills Regina and Paul .
she positive Muthu <$> The film unfolds from the life of college student Manimekhala , a village girl who can see what others do n't . A serious reader of modern literature , from a southern district of Tamil Nadu , Manimekhala sees visions , that no one believe . Later incidents prove , that what she said become true . She creates scenes , whenever she has these illusions . Interestingly , the illusions are like a movie projected on an imaginary screen from her bangle presented by her fiancee Muthu . The bangle isactually made from molten celluloid . This projected movie roughly reveals thestory of a couple of street performers ( [ [ Cheran in love and tortured by a lustful Zamindar who tonsures the girl 's head . Even on the marriage stage , her bangle projects such a show specially for her , and she creates a scene ending in the cancellation of the marriage ceremony . Later her understanding fiancée Muthu accompanies her to investigate what really happens . It leads to an old retired school master , who says the story of the dropped movie . In the later 1970s this movie was actually made by an enthusiastic young director Gnanasekaran and dropped in the midway due to a mishap . This retired man was enacting the role of the zamindar in the film , and the plot was based on a real incident . The heroine is at first reluctant , when the director / hero tells her that her head will be really shaved and nospecial effects business . After persuasion , she agrees for the sake of reality.Meanwhile , the real zamindars 's son ( [ [ Seeman comes to the shooting spot andobjects , the real incident maligning his dad , should not be canned . The master pacifies him saying that it is only an imaginary plot . But this zamindar 's son returns with his bunch of hooligans and creates havoc in the shooting spot . The tonsured heroine is mentallydisturbed and hangs herself , and the shooting comes to a halt . The director disappears , only to return as a naxalite to annihilate the wicked zamindar along with his unshaved revolutionary comrades . But he is encountered by the cops and shot down , and the period was the Emergency . Manimekhala suddenly wields a camera and becomes a docu film maker and goes to the particular village again . There she meets the real Dalit woman ( [ [ Manorama who was tonsuredduring the zamindar 's period , and interviews her . And she repeats the dialogues prompted by Manimekhala with a theatrical accent and a huge whitewig . The zamindar 's grandson is also interviewed .
Jenna negative Max ; Ryan neutral Max ; Eleanor negative Max ; Elizabeth positive Max ; Henry neutral Max ; Henry negative Eleanor ; Eleanor negative Keller <$> One year prior to the events of the movie , Max Matheson is involved in a car accident that kills his fiancée , Kayla . Due to the accident , he becomes emotionally disturbed and undergoes psychological treatment with Dr. Beaumont , making some progress in dealing with the guilt over the accident . To help Max move forward , his father , Jack Matheson , reopens the Mayflower Department Store in New Orleans and invites Max to replace the security guard , who recently quit under mysterious circumstances while " cutting himself up " on duty . Max accepts the job and his father introduces him to the store manager , Keller Landreaux , the buyer , Jenna McCarty , and the vice-president of operations , Ryan Parker . Before his first shift , Max sees a vision of a dead woman in a mirror , and then sees Jenna 's reflection , ripping off her head . Meanwhile , Jenna is killed by her reflection , being thrown through glass doors and a shard of glass decapitating her . Max realizes that he foresees the deaths in the mirrors . That night , he tries to find the ghost , but instead sees Ryan 's reflection being eviscerated . He tries to contact Ryan , but gets no response . Later , Ryan is killed , in the same way as his reflection . Max sees his father 's face covered in cuts in a puddle then races to his father 's house . Jack is almost killed by his reflection , after Max made it to his house and hints to whoever is manipulating the mirrors that he would do whatever she wants him to do if she spares his father . Max later returns to the Mayflower , but he is stopped by Detectives Huston and Piccirilli , explaining about what happened in Ryan and Jenna 's deaths . Max denies any involvements and , though they remain suspicious , they let Max get back to his work . Max goes to the main mirror , to find out who the ghost is . Suddenly , Max 's reflection shows a light , which Max follows in each of the mirrors . He finds a box and opens it to find an ID of a woman named Eleanor Reigns , a new employee of the Mayflower who disappeared two months ago . The light shines outside and Max finds a missing person flier for Eleanor . Max reads it as he contacts Eleanor 's older sister Elizabeth to learn details of her disappearance . Together , they discover that someone had deleted the surveillance files on the night of Eleanor 's disappearance in the store 's computer . Max and Elizabeth visit Henry Schow , the store 's former security guard and the last person who reached the files . Henry 's mouth had been scarred by his reflection . Through Henry , they learn that Eleanor is dead and her spirit is seeking revenge on whoever was involved in her murder . Two months prior , during the Mayflower 's grand opening party , Jenna and Ryan spiked Eleanor 's drink with drugs . Keller raped Eleanor while she was intoxicated and was directly responsible of her death . Henry found Keller burying Eleanor 's body in Mayflower 's basement 's crawlspace and is ordered to delete the surveillance files to cover up the crime . Two days after her death , Eleanor , whose soul is trapped in the mirror world and can only be visible to her killers , began stalking them . She began to mutilate Henry by manipulating his reflection to eat shards of glass after he erased the files , and eventually killed Jenna and Ryan , before moving on to Keller . When Eleanor realized that the newly - hired Max could see her , and despite the fact that he had no involvement in her death , she forced him to help her make contact with her sister by threatening his father 's life . Max realizes that his near - death experience a year prior has given him an ability to see the other side . Max and Elizabeth go to the Mayflower and search for Eleanor 's body in its basement . They are chased by Keller , after he realizes that they know what happened . He nearly strangles Elizabeth , but Max saves her , thus duplicating the near - death encounter Max had experienced and allowing Elizabeth to see Eleanor . After seeing Eleanor again , Max wrestles Keller , pushing him to the main mirror . Eleanor kills Keller , saving Max and Elizabeth , but leaving them in shock . At the police station , Henry confesses to the detectives of his unintentional involvement in Eleanor 's murder . The police interrogation room 's one - way mirror starting to crack after Henry is alone , and he sees Eleanor again on its reflection . Henry 's scream is heard after the screen cuts to black .
Jakob negative Gestapo <$> In the Poland of early 1944 , a Polish - Jewish shopkeeper named Jakob is summoned to the German headquarters after being falsely accused of being out after curfew . While waiting for the commander , Jakob overhears a German radio broadcast speaking about Soviet offensives . Returned to the ghetto , Jakob shares his information with a friend , sparking rumors that there is a secret radio within the ghetto . After hesitating , Jakob decides to use the chance to spread hope throughout the ghetto by continuing to tell the optimistic , fantastic tales that he allegedly heard from " his secret radio " and his lies keep hope and humor alive among the isolated ghetto inhabitants . He also has a real secret in that he is hiding a young Jewish girl who escaped from an extermination camp deportation train . The Gestapo learn of the mythical radio , however , and begin a search for the resistance hero who dares operate it . Jakob surrenders himself to the Germans as they demand the person with the radio give himself up or risk hostages being killed . During interrogation , Jakob tells the police commander that he had only listened to the radio inside his office . He is ordered to announce publicly that this was all a lie , so the ghetto 's liquidation would then proceed in an orderly fashion . When presented to the public , Jakob refuses to tell the truth , but is shot before he can make his own speech . In the film 's ending , Jakob says , post-mortem , that all the ghetto 's residents were then deported and were never seen again . As in the novel , there is an " alternate " fairy tale - style ending where the Soviet forces arrive following Jakob 's death , just in time to save the Jews . The plot is slightly different in a few places from the book . Notable discrepancies include : * Lina is not living with Jakob from the beginning , but instead he meets her on his way home from the Gestapo station in the movie 's beginning ; * The news of the radio is first told to Mischa , a friend of Jakob , to prevent him from attempting to steal potatoes off of a German military train ; * Jakob is never caught and interrogated ; instead he is deported , along with the rest of the Jews , and presumably dies in a death camp ; * The movie 's alternate ending has Jakob killed in front of the ghetto , instead of being shot during an escape attempt in the book 's alternate ending .
Jackson positive Kelly ; Leon negative Coogan ; her negative Kelly ; Leon negative Greeley ; Jackson positive her ; Greeley negative Eddie <$> The nine characters are revealed to be : 1 - a petty criminal , 2 - a police officer , 3 - an illegal gun seller , 4 - a strip club owner and loan shark , 5 - a lawyer , 6 - a pedophile and rapist , 7 - a priest , 8 - a health insurance executive , and 9 - a Chinese store owner who does not know English . After a string of kidnappings , these nine people are locked inside a room and handcuffed to pipes . Then a masked man enters and explains each of them are there for a reason , and to survive , they must figure it out . Every ten minutes they do n't the shooter will enter and kill one of them . The shooter leaves and a countdown begins . The group begins introducing themselves , and a few early connections are made . Christian says he once borrowed money from Sully , but paid it back . Coogan mentions he has been in multiple prisons . Kelly and Jackson are former lovers . Just as the group begins to think it is all a hoax , the shooter enters and kills Christian . Leon frees himself from his handcuffs and attempts to escape , but is brought back by the shooter . The shooter then kills Coogan , who mentions he is dying anyway , and tells Leon he is next . With seven people left , Mrs. Chan recognises Kelly as her lawyer who prosecuted a man who robbed her store . The group begins to see connections between themselves and the robber , Wade Greeley . The shooter returns , but as the seven only know part of the story , shoots Leon . He also denies being Wade Greeley . With the theory in doubt , Father Francis reluctantly admits Greeley did not rob the store ; the real robber , Christian , confessed he did the robbery to pay back Sully . Mrs. Chan mistakenly identified Greeley , and Kelly prosecuted . Not all connections have been established , and the shooter enters and tries to kill Eddie . Father Francies puts himself in the path of the bullet and is killed instead . Sully realizes Christian must have bought the gun he robbed the store with from Leon . Mrs. Chan is the next to die . Kelly begs to be let go to be with her son , but the shooter is visibly angry Kelly used her son as an excuse , and leaves , but not before hinting Jackson is the father of Kelly 's baby . Kelly confirms this , and also reveals she fabricated evidence to convict Greeley , saying she needed to win a case after many losses . She also used Jackson to unknowingly help her with this . Kelly further confesses to having murdered a man who once raped her , and changed evidence from that crime so she would not be connected . Eddie realizes the shooter must be Greeley 's father , exacting revenge , and the remaining four begin to wonder what happened to Greeley after he went to prison . The shooter returns and kills Sully , who has no regret for his actions . With only Kelly , Jackson , and Eddie left , the three struggle to establish connections for Eddie and Coogan . Eddie supposes that Coogan was earlier referring to being infected with AIDS , and , as he has been in multiple prisons , could have raped Greeley and infected him . Then the final connection is made ; Greeley would have applied for an experimental drug treatment for AIDS run by Eddie 's company , but Eddie would have had to reject him due to his criminal conviction . They explain this to the shooter , Greeley 's father , who agrees to let them all go . Kelly is released , but , having slowly revealed her true nature , steals the shooter 's gun and kills Eddie , Jackson , and the shooter so as not to implicate her in her crimes . Kelly escapes as the police arrive and storm the room .
Jude negative Woody ; Dylan neutral Gray ; Dylan neutral Woody ; Robbie negative Claire ; Norman neutral Jude ; Dylan neutral Jude ; Jones positive Jude ; Allen positive Jude ; Jones neutral Dylan ; Billy positive Henry ; Garrett negative Billy ; Billy negative Woody <$> The film opens with Jude Quinn { { cite web } } Woody Guthrie , an 11 - year old African American boy , is seen carrying a guitar in a case labeled " This machine kills fascists " as he travels the country , pursuing his dream of becoming a singer . Gray , 2006 , The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia , pp. 287 – 289 . Woody befriends the African - American Arvin family , who give him food and hospitality , and Woody in turn performs Bob Dylan 's 1965 song " Tombstone Blues " , accompanied by Richie Havens . At dinner , Mrs. Arvin advises Woody : " Live your own time , child , sing about your own time " . Later that night , Woody leaves the Arvins ' home , leaving behind a note thanking them , and catches a ride on a train , where a group of thieves attempt to rob him . He jumps from the speeding train and dives into a river , where a white couple rescue him and take him to a hospital , before bringing him home . They receive a phone call from a juvenile correction center in Minnesota from which Woody had escaped . The phone call prompts Woody 's swift departure , and he takes a Greyhound bus to Greystone Park Hospital in New Jersey , where he visits Woody Guthrie , leaving flowers at Guthrie 's bedside and playing his guitar . ( Over the hospital sequence , Bob Dylan performs his song " [ [ Blind Willie McTell Ben Whishaw plays a young man who shares his name with the nineteenth century French poet Arthur Rimbaud . Arthur is solely seen in an interrogation room where he gives oblique answers to questioners . Christian Bale plays Jack Rollins , a young folk singer , whose story is framed as a documentary and told by interviewees such as fictional folk singer named Alice Fabian — described by some critics as a Joan Baez - like figure < ref name http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID I 'm Not There | author 21 November 2007 | accessdate rogerebert.com } } < ref name http://gothamist.com/2006/04/18/nyc_album_art_t.php | title Gothamist | date 2009-03-01 } } Robbie and Claire attend the premiere of the movie , which turns out to be a disappointment for Claire and the audience . Robbie and Claire 's relationship begins to unravel , as Claire glimpses Robbie touching another woman at a party and is disturbed by his misogynistic attitude in comments such as " chicks can never be poets " . At the end of their marriage , Robbie and Claire argue over custody of their children and Robbie and Claire file for divorce . The result of the custody battle seems to be in Claire 's favor , but Robbie leaves taking his daughters on a boat trip while archival clips show Henry Kissinger and Le Duc Tho signing the Paris Peace Accords . Gray , The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia , pp. 198 – 200 . In the film , the relationship between Robbie and Claire lasts precisely as long as American involvement in the Vietnam War . Cate Blanchett plays Jude Quinn , seen at a concert in a New England town , performing a rock version of " Maggie 's Farm " to the outraged folk music fans . Jude is seen arriving at a press conference in London and answering questions . Heylin , 1996 , Bob Dylan : A Life In Stolen Moments , p. 87 . Dylan 's 1965 press conference reproduced in : Hedin , 2004 , Studio A : The Bob Dylan Reader , pp. 51 – 58 . Later , in his hotel suite , Jude is threatened by a hotel waiter brandishing a knife , who is knocked out by Jude 's lover with a vase . Jude 's operations in London are supervised by his manager , Norman , played by Mark Camacho . In a surreal episode , Jude is seen gambolling at high speed in a park with the Beatles , following a cloud of smoke presumed to represent Dylan 's introducing the band to cannabis . ( The speeded - up film echoes the style of Dick Lester 's direction in [ [ A Hard Day 's Night . Jude is then confronted by BBC cultural reporter , Keenan Jones , played by Bruce Greenwood . Jude and his entourage meet the poet Allen Ginsberg , played by David Cross , who suggests that Jude may be " selling out " to God . Keenan Jones later asks Jude whether he cares about what he sings about every night , to which Jude replies , " How can I answer that if you 've got the nerve to ask me ? " and walks out of the interview . . The Dylan song " Ballad of a Thin Man " plays as Keenan Jones moves through a surreal episode in which he appears to act out the song 's lyrics . " You walk into the room / With your pencil in your hand / You see somebody naked / And you say : ' Who is that man ? ' " Jones is seen obtaining a copy of Jude Quinn 's high school year book . In concert , Jude performs " Ballad of a Thin Man " , when one of his outraged fans shouts " Judas ! " Jude replies " I do n't believe you " . As the fans rush the stage in an apparent attempt to attack Jude , he narrowly escapes with his band . Back in his hotel suite , Jude watches Keenan Jones on television reveal that the true identity of Jude Quinn is " Aaron Jacob Edelstein " . Jude later throws a party where his guests include Brian Jones , The Rolling Stones guitarist , and wealthy socialite and " queen of the underground " Coco Rivington , whom Jude insults . As Jude 's condition from drug usage worsens , he vomits in his friend 's lap . Jude and Allen Ginsberg are later seen at the foot of a huge crucifix , apparently talking to Jesus . Jude shouts at the figure on the cross : " Why do n't you do your early stuff ? " and " How does it feel ?! " . After being whisked off in a car , Jude passes out on the floor while his friends stare down at him . Jude 's manager , Norman observes : " I do n't think he can get back on stage . He 's gotten inside so many psyches – and death is just such a part of the American scene right now . " Jude is last seen in his car directly addressing the viewer , " Everyone knows I 'm not a folk singer " . Richard Gere portrays the outlaw Billy the Kid . Billy searches unsuccessfully for his dog , Henry , and then meets his friend , Homer . Homer tells Billy about Pat Garrett 's destruction of Riddle County and the high incidence of suicide and murder . As the townspeople celebrate Halloween , a funeral takes place and a band performs Dylan 's Basement Tapes song " Goin ' to Acapulco " ( sung by Jim James and backed by the band [ [ Calexico . Following the service , Pat Garrett arrives and confronts the townspeople . Billy dons a mask to disguise himself and tells Garrett to stay clear of Riddle County . Garrett then orders the authorities to arrest Billy and he is taken to the county jail . Billy escapes from the jail and hops a ride on a train . Billy then sees his dog , Henry , one last time . Billy finds a guitar on the train that reads " This Machine kills Fascists " , the same guitar that Woody Guthrie played at the beginning of the film . Billy 's final words are " People are always talking about freedom , the freedom to live a certain way without being kicked around . ' Course the more you live a certain way the less it feels like freedom . Me ? I can change during the course of a day . When I wake I 'm one person , when I go to sleep I know for certain I 'm somebody else . I do n't know who I am most of the time . It 's like you got yesterday , today and tomorrow all in the same room . There 's no telling what can happen . " In his 1997 interview with David Gates of Newsweek , Dylan said : " I do n't think I 'm tangible to myself . I mean , I think one thing today and I think another thing tomorrow . I change during the course of a day . I wake and I 'm one person , and when I go to sleep I know for certain I 'm somebody else . I do n't know who I am most of the time . It does n't even matter to me . " { { cite web } } The film ends with a close - up of the real Bob Dylan playing an extended harmonica solo during a live performance of " Mr. Tambourine Man " . The footage was shot by D. A. Pennebaker during Dylan 's 1966 World Tour .
Izzy negative Celia ; Lulu neutral Celia ; Van positive Izzy ; Van neutral Celia <$> Jazz saxophone player Izzy Maurer is shot in the chest during a performance at a jazz club by a deranged man . Izzy survives the seven - hour operation , but loses his left lung , ending his musical career . A young aspiring actress named Celia Burns walks into the Chez Pierre restaurant in New York City where she works as a waitress . She and her boss talk about the shooting . Later she purchases Izzy 's latest CD.In the opening scene , the walls of the jazz club bathroom are decorated with photos of beautiful women . One of the photos is of an aspiring actress named Celia Burns whom he will meet later . Next to her image is a photo of Louise Brooks , the actress who played Lulu in the 1929 German silent film Pandora 's Box . Izzy plans to meet Celia in Dublin , where the film is being shot . Shortly after she leaves , Izzy is attacked by men in his apartment demanding to know why he killed Stanley Mar . He is taken away and held prisoner . He meets a mysterious Dr. Van Horn who tells Izzy how disappointed he is in him . Izzy has no idea what he 's talking about , but Van Horn seems to know details about Izzy 's past — his real name , childhood incidents , and catching fireflies with his brother at their summer house on Echo Lake . When Van Horn begins to delve into Izzy 's relationships with his father and brother , Izzy responds , " Do n't do this to me . " When reminded that he refused to play music at his father 's funeral , he breaks down in tears . One night , Van Horn storms into Izzy 's cell and tell him , " You 're not worthy . You 've lived a bad dishonest life . " Having learned about Celia , Van horn now demands that Izzy reveal her whereabouts . Izzy refuses to acknowledge that he even knows her . As he leaves , Van Horn says , " May God have mercy on your soul . " Meanwhile , Celia is unable to reach Izzy and she suspects that something is very wrong . She fears that Izzy has abandoned her . One night she takes out the rock and the blue light appears , but now it only produces in her an overwhelming sadness . Distressed , Lulu takes the rock and walks to Ha ' penny Bridge , where she drops the stone into the dark river below . The following day , Van Horn and his men find Celia in Dublin and attempt to kidnap her . They chase her through the streets to Ha ' penny Bridge where she had dropped the stone . As they close in , she jumps into the river . Back in New York , Izzy finally manages to escape his prison . He learns from the producer of Celia 's disappearance and nearly collapses . The producer gives him a videotape of some of Celia 's scenes . Later at a jazz club , he asks his friends , " Am I a good person or a bad person ? " Back at his apartment he watches the videotape of Celia and weeps . After being shot at the jazz club by the deranged man , Izzy is taken away in an ambulance . On the way to the hospital , his heart stops and Izzy Maurer dies , just as the ambulance passes a young aspiring actress named Celia Burns . She sees the ambulance pass and makes the sign of the cross .
Raja positive Sathyamoorthy ; Francis positive Appu ; Raja negative Janaki ; Nallasivam neutral Appu ; Janaki negative Sathyamoorthy ; Raja negative Appu ; Raja negative Dharmaraj ; Appu negative Dharmaraj <$> Sethupathy is an honest and upright police officer . When he arrests four bigwigs Dharmaraj , Francis Anbarasu , Nallasivam and Satyamoorthy , they escape justice easily and return to take revenge . They kill him and poison his wife . She escapes and gives birth to twins with the help of another woman Muniyamma but the babies are separated and each woman believes that the other is dead because of the events happening next to birth . One of the twins , Raja grows up as a mechanic with Muniyamma , while the other twin , Appu , a dwarf , grows up in the circus with his mother . Appu falls in love with the daughter of the circus owner mistakenly thinking that she was asking him to elope with her . But she actually had asked him to be witness to her marriage with her fiancé , which was not approved by her father . Heartbroken over this and insecurity over his height , he tries to commit suicide but is prevented by his mother , who then reveals the reason that his dwarfism might have been because of the poison force - fed to her when she was pregnant with the twins . This leads Appu to learn about his father ’s murder and he decides to avenge by killing the four murderers . Meanwhile , Raja falls in love with Janaki who happens to be Satyamoorthy 's daughter . As Raja resembles Sethupathy , Sathyamoorthy and his 3 friends gain interest in Raja . Francis is fishing in a lake . Appu uses one of his well trained circus Pomeranian puppy to lure Francis Anbarasu to an abandoned building and reveals his identity to him . Francis Anbarasu smirks when he sees that Appu is a dwarf and can not hurt him due to his bigger size . But Appu uses a Rube Goldbergian contraption to kill him and the dead body falls in a lorry covered with hay . Raja and Janaki have car trouble and hitchhike a ride in the same lorry but are oblivious to the dead body . The lorry driver discovers the body when he reaches his destination and calls the police . The inspector in charge of the case , suspects Raja by tracing the car number given by the lorry driver . Appu kills Nallasivam in a golf course using a tiger from his circus but Nallasivam 's caddy sees Appu ’s face and the tigers tail from afar . This leads the inspector to Raja again who , coincidentally is wearing a tiger costume while performing a song at a festival in his street . Janaki becomes enraged when she learns that Raja has killed his father ’s friends and breaks up with him . Raja is released from custody as the postmortem examination has revealed real tiger wounds that could not be inflicted by Raja ’s costume . He goes over to Janaki ’s house to smooth things over with the inspector following him covertly . When he is talking to her , Appu tricks Sathyamoorthy into killing himself with a circus hand gun that shoots backwards . Appu escapes but Raja and Janaki enter Sathyamoorthy 's room hearing the gunshot a few moments before the inspector arrives . Janaki faints when she sees her dad dead and the inspector now believes that Raja had shot Sathyamoorthy . Raja too escapes and is on the run while the police had released a sketch of his face to the public . An exhausted Raja is spotted by some people in a market and they try to catch him . Raja , in an attempt to evade capture threatens to kill the nearest woman he gets hold of . When the crowd back down , he releases the woman and escapes . The woman , who incidentally happens to be Srividya , realizes that Raja is the other twin and seeks out Muniyamma . They both realize that the murders are committed by Appu and Raja is mistaken as Appu , who overhears this . Dharmaraj believes that it is Raja avenging his father ’s death and that he is the next target , and decides to seek out Raja ’s mother and is shocked to see Srividhya , whom he believed to be dead , also present there . Nonetheless , he kidnaps both women and threatens to kill them unless Raja surrenders to him . Appu escapes and helps Raja evade the police and tells him everything . They both collaborate and go to the circus where their mothers are held captive . With the help of well trained circus animals , Appu and Raja overpower the goons . Ignoring his mothers call to stop , Appu shoots Dharmaraj , he falls down and eaten by circus lions . Appu surrenders to the police and Raja is set free .
Vandana positive Chander ; Vandana neutral Nath ; Chander positive Abdul ; Madan positive Surendra ; Madan positive Chander <$> The Nath family consists of Retired Commissioner Upendra , his wife , Savitri ; elder son , Madan , who is married to Maya , and they have a son , Ashoo ; a second son - Surendra , who is married to Kamla , and they have a daughter , Pinky ; a third unmarried college - going son , Chander ; and a school - going daughter , Namrata . They are a happy family , and everyone rejoices when Chander completes his M.A. . There is more to rejoice when Chander introduces them to the woman he loves , Vandana , the only daughter of wealthy Mr. Tandon . The marriage is arranged with a ceremony , attended by the family friend , Abdul , who home - delivers groceries . However , before the marriage could be sealed , Upendra receives news that he has lost his Court case , and passes away . The wedding is canceled , and the lives of the entire Nath family changes thereafter , with Kamla and Maya taking over the household , reducing Savitri to the status of an unwanted guest , while Namrata is asked to become the servant and unable to complete her education , and Chander , who rebels , is asked to leave . Vandana 's dad comes to know of their plight and refuses to permit his daughter to get married in the Nath family . Chander moves in with Abdul , gets a job as a waiter , then he is promoted as Manager , and finally as partner and co-owner of the Francis Hotel . Unable to get medication , Savitri passes away , forcing Namrata to move in with Abdul as well . Madan and Surendra also find success when they buy their own hotel and name it ' Gulmohar Hotel ' . With Chander on one hand , and his two siblings on the other - they are now poised to compete with each other - not knowing who will win in this cut - throat competition - as they set out to destroy each other .
Kun neutral his ; Denny negative his <$> The movie begins as the two - year term expires , and all the elders of the Wo Shing society are in the process of electing a new chairman , with some last - minute " campaigning " from both Lok and Big D a few days prior to the election . After bitter arguments from supporters of both candidates in the likes of Uncle Cocky and Uncle Monk , Lok is elected as the new chairman . However , Big D is dismayed by the result and proceeds to punish two men responsible for his loss by kidnapping them and rolling them down a hill in boxes , prompting ex-chairman Whistle to ask his lieutenant Four - Eye to hide the dragon head baton , which is a symbol of power for the leader . In the meantime , Chief Superintendent Hui and the police , as well as the police in China arrests all the key figures that include Uncle Teng , Big D , Cocky , Monk and the newly - elected chairman Lok of the Wo Shing in an attempt to avoid infighting within the society . However , during a negotiation attempt in a holding cell , Big D 's plans of organizing a new triad society are uncovered , which infuriates both Teng & Hui . Meanwhile , a pursuit of the baton ensues in which Kun , who is recovering the baton for Big D catches up with Big Head , who holds the baton and is recovering it for Lok . During the confrontation , Kun severely beats Big Head with a giant log in order for him to hand out the baton when Kun 's boss informs him that the plan has changed and that Kun is to recover the baton for Lok . The leaders are eventually released on bail and after hours of never - ending pursuit between Kun , Jimmy , and Jet on route , Lok eventually receives the baton from Jimmy thus making his election official . Despite negotiations with Big D after his bail , Lok murders his nemesis with a boulder during a fishing trip with his son , Denny , Big D and D 's wife after Big D insisted on proposing the idea of two chairmans and the sharing of power between them . As Lok is killing D , D 's wife witnesses Lok and makes a run for it causing Lok to murder her too by strangling her against a tree with a log . D and his wife are then buried before Lok drives away with Denny , who becomes petrified after witnessing his dad 's brutality as the movie comes to an end .
Bill negative Vallon ; Bill positive McGloin ; Bill negative Jenny ; Johnny negative Bill ; McGinn negative Vallon ; Bill negative McGinn <$> In 1846 , in Lower Manhattan 's Five Points , a territorial war between the " Natives " and recently arrived Irish Catholic immigrants , is coming to a head in Paradise Square . The Natives are led by " Bill the Butcher " Cutting , a Protestant nativist . The leader of the Irish gang , the Dead Rabbits , is known as " Priest " Vallon . The gangs meet in a bloody battle , concluding when Bill kills Vallon , which Vallon 's son Amsterdam witnesses . Cutting declares the Dead Rabbits outlawed and orders Vallon 's body be buried with honor . Amsterdam seizes the knife used to kill his father , races off , and buries it . He is found and taken to the orphanage at Hellgate . In September 1862 , Amsterdam returns to New York . Arriving in Five Points , he reunites with an old friend , Johnny Sirocco , who introduces Amsterdam to Bill the Butcher . Amsterdam finds many of his father 's old loyalists are now under Bill 's control , including Happy Jack Mulraney , a corrupt city constable , and McGloin , now one of Bill 's lieutenants . Amsterdam works his way into Bill 's inner circle , and learns that each year , on the anniversary of the Five Points battle , Bill leads the city in saluting the victory over the Dead Rabbits . He makes plans to kill Bill during this ceremony , in order to exact public revenge . Amsterdam meets Jenny Everdeane , a very successful and discreet pickpocket and grifter , to whom he is attracted . His interest is dampened when he discovers she was once Bill 's ward and still enjoys Bill 's affections . Amsterdam becomes involved in the semi-criminal empire of Boss Tweed , the leader of Tammany Hall . During a performance of Uncle Tom 's Cabin , Amsterdam thwarts an assassination attempt that leaves Bill wounded . Amsterdam realizes he acted more out of honest devotion to Bill than from his own plan of revenge . Both retire to a brothel , where Jenny nurses Bill . Amsterdam confronts Jenny over Bill , and they have an argument that dissolves into lovemaking . Late that night , Amsterdam wakes to find Bill sitting by his bed in a rocking chair , draped in a tattered American flag . Bill says " Priest " Vallon was the last enemy he ever fought who was worthy of real respect , and " Priest " once beat Bill soundly and then let him live in shame rather than kill him . Bill credits the incident with giving him strength of will and character to return and fight for his own authority . Bill admits he has come to look upon Amsterdam as the son he never had . The evening of the ceremony arrives . Johnny reveals Amsterdam 's identity and his plot to kill Bill . During a knife - throwing act involving Jenny , Bill baits Amsterdam when he throws the knife to leave a superficial cut on her throat . Amsterdam throws a knife at Bill , which Bill deflects , and counters with a knife throw of his own , hitting Amsterdam in the abdomen . Bill then repeatedly beats him as the crowd cheers . Bill proclaims he will let Amsterdam live as " [ a ] freak , worthy of Barnum 's museum of wonders " . Afterwards , in hiding , Jenny nurses Amsterdam back to health , and implores him to leave New York . They are visited by " Monk " McGinn , who was a mercenary for Vallon in the battle of the Five Points . He gives Amsterdam a straight razor that belonged to Vallon . Amsterdam places a dead rabbit on a fence in Paradise Square . The rabbit finds its way to Bill , who sends Happy Jack to find out who sent the message . Amsterdam ambushes Jack in the catacombs , strangles him , and hangs his body in Paradise Square . In retaliation , Bill has Johnny beaten nearly to death and run through with an iron pike . When McGloin goes to pray at a Catholic church , and sees Amsterdam 's friend , Jimmy Spoils , he objects to letting a " nigger " in the church . Amsterdam and his friends respond by beating McGloin . The Nativists march to the Catholic Church , where the Irish stand on the steps in defense . Bill promises to return when they are ready . " Boss " Tweed approaches Amsterdam with a plan to defeat Bill : Tweed will back the candidacy of " Monk " McGinn for sheriff in return for the Irish vote . On election day , Bill and Amsterdam force people to the polls , some of them several times , with the result that " Monk " wins by more votes than there are voters . Bill confronts " Monk " , who does not respond to Bill 's challenge , suggesting they discuss the matter democratically . Bill then throws a meat cleaver into " Monk 's " back and kills him with his own shillelagh . During " Monk 's " funeral , Amsterdam issues a traditional challenge to fight , which Bill accepts . The New York City draft riots break out , and many upper - class citizens and African - Americans are attacked by the rioters . Union soldiers enter the city to put down the riots . As the gangs meet , they are hit by shells from naval ships in the harbor firing directly into Paradise Square . Many are killed , and an enormous cloud of dust and debris covers the area . Union soldiers then fire into the square , killing numerous people , including McGloin . Amsterdam and Bill exchange blows in the haze , then are thrown to the ground by another shell blast . When the smoke clears , Bill discovers he has been hit by a piece of shrapnel . He declares , " Thank God , I die a true American . " . Amsterdam stabs him , and Bill dies with his hand locked in Amsterdam 's . Bill is buried in Brooklyn , in view of the smoke - filled Manhattan skyline , next to the grave of " Priest " Vallon . Amsterdam narrates New York would be rebuilt , but they are no longer remembered , as if " we were never here " . The scene then shifts , as modern New York City is built , from the Brooklyn Bridge to the Empire State Building to the World Trade Center , and the graves of Bill and " Priest " gradually deteriorate .
Martha positive Mackey ; Martha positive Mack ; Birdie negative Martha <$> Martha Horgan struggles to have a normal life in spite of being mentally challenged . She is fired from a job at the local dry - cleaner 's after accusations of stealing from the cash register , something she believes the boyfriend of her work colleague Birdie has been doing . Depressed , she returns to the home of Aunt Frances and discovers that a handyman , looking for work in any capacity , has been hired to fix the porch of the main house before the residence hosts a gala event for a local politician . The politician 's wife has damaged the porch by driving a car into it , irate over her husband 's affair with Frances . Mackey , the handyman , is kind to Martha , offering her a ride into town as well as defending her from Birdie 's boyfriend Getso , a bully who insults her , by breaking the windshield on Getso 's van . Martha becomes increasingly fond of Mackey as time goes on . Mack recognizes Martha 's feelings but he honorably abstains from engaging in sexual intercourse . One night , however , Mack returns to Martha 's home drunk , lets himself in and proceeds to initiate coitus with a more than willing Martha on her couch . He later sleeps with Martha 's aunt , who is drunk and despondent following the gala , during which her love interest , the local politician , reconciles and leaves with his ex-wife . Mack leaves as soon as the porch job is done , feeling guilt of being unfaithful to Martha . Still desperate to clear her name at work , Martha proceeds alone to enter the home of Birdie , her former co-worker . Getso is there . He confronts Martha and attempts to shoo her away before he calls the police . Martha feels cornered and stabs Getso to death with a sandwich knife .
Louise negative he <$> After a sexual encounter with a married woman in an alley in Manchester turns into a rape , Johnny steals a car and flees for Dalston , " a scrawny , unpretentious area " in the east of London , to seek refuge with his former girlfriend , fellow Mancunian Louise . Intelligent , educated and eloquent , Johnny is also deeply embittered and egotistical : he will fight and provoke anyone he meets in order to prove his superiority . His behaviour is reckless , self - destructive and at times even sadistic ; he seduces Louise 's flatmate , Sophie , simply because he can , but soon gets tired of her and embarks on an extended latter - day odyssey among the destitute and despairing of the United Kingdom 's capital city . During his encounters in London 's seedy underbelly , Johnny expounds his world - view at long and lyrical length to anyone who will listen , whether Archie , a Scottish boy yelling " Maggie ! " at the top of his voice he comes across in Brewer Street , or Brian , a security guard of acres of empty space , a ' post-Modernist gas chamber ' , " whom Johnny marks down as indeed possessing the most tedious job in the world . " Coveney , p. 25 All the while , the sinister presence of his ex-girlfriend 's psychopathic landlord , Jeremy , lurks in the background . Johnny eventually suffers horribly at the hands of thugs in the most casual manner ; and when the primary tenant of the flat returns from a trip overseas , Johnny is compelled to leave , to throw himself back into the world as he has ostensibly done so many times before . It is subtly hinted throughout the movie that Johnny 's unusual personality and behaviour could be the result of a variety of medical conditions , including manic depression and whatever it is that causes him to experience episodic , severe headaches . These conditions are certainly affecting him physically , so much so that one of the characters he meets thinks he is about 40 years old , when he is only 27 .
Laufey negative Odin ; Thor negative Mjolnir ; he positive Jane ; he positive Odin ; Thor negative Loki ; Loki positive he <$> In AD 965 , Odin , king of Asgard , wages war against the Frost Giants of Jotunheim and their leader Laufey , to prevent them from conquering the nine realms , starting with Earth . The Asgardian warriors defeat the Frost Giants and seize the source of their power , the Casket of Ancient Winters . In the present , Odin 's son Thor prepares to ascend to the throne of Asgard , but is interrupted when Frost Giants attempt to retrieve the Casket . Against Odin 's order , Thor travels to Jotunheim to confront Laufey , accompanied by his brother Loki , childhood friend Sif and the Warriors Three : Volstagg , Fandral and Hogun . A battle ensues until Odin intervenes to save the Asgardians , destroying the fragile truce between the two races . For Thor 's arrogance , Odin strips his son of his godly power and exiles him to Earth as a mortal , accompanied by his hammer Mjolnir , now protected by an enchantment that allows only the worthy to wield it . Thor lands in New Mexico , where astrophysicist Jane Foster , her assistant Darcy Lewis and mentor Dr. Erik Selvig , find him . The local populace finds Mjolnir , which S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Phil Coulson soon commandeers before forcibly acquiring Jane 's data about the wormhole that delivered Thor to Earth . Thor , having discovered Mjolnir 's nearby location , seeks to retrieve it from the facility that S.H.I.E.L.D. quickly constructed but he finds himself unable to lift it , and is captured . With Selvig 's help , he is freed and resigns himself to exile on Earth as he develops a romance with Jane . Loki discovers that he is actually Laufey 's son , adopted by Odin after the war ended . A weary Odin falls into the deep " Odinsleep " to recover his strength . Loki seizes the throne in Odin 's stead and offers Laufey the chance to kill Odin and retrieve the Casket . Sif and the Warriors Three , unhappy with Loki 's rule , attempt to return Thor from exile , convincing Heimdall , gatekeeper of the Bifröst — the means of traveling between worlds — to allow them passage to Earth . Aware of their plan , Loki sends the Destroyer , a seemingly indestructible automaton , to pursue them and kill Thor . The warriors find Thor , but the Destroyer attacks and defeats them , prompting Thor to offer himself instead . Struck by the Destroyer and near death , Thor 's sacrifice proves him worthy to wield Mjolnir . The hammer returns to him , restoring his powers and enabling him to defeat the Destroyer . Kissing Jane goodbye and vowing to return , he and his fellow Asgardians leave to confront Loki . In Asgard , Loki betrays and kills Laufey , revealing his true plan to use Laufey 's attempt on Odin 's life as an excuse to destroy Jotunheim with the Bifröst Bridge , thus proving himself worthy to his adoptive father . Thor arrives and fights Loki before destroying the Bifröst Bridge to stop Loki 's plan , stranding himself in Asgard . Odin awakens and prevents the brothers from falling into the abyss created in the wake of the bridge 's destruction , but Loki allows himself to fall when Odin rejects his pleas for approval . Thor makes amends with Odin , admitting he is not ready to be king ; while on Earth , Jane and her team search for a way to open a portal to Asgard . In a post-credits scene , Selvig has been taken to a S.H.I.E.L.D. facility , where Nick Fury opens a briefcase and asks him to study a mysterious object , which Fury says may hold untold power . An invisible Loki prompts Selvig to agree , and he does .
Hud negative Norman ; Lonnie positive Hud ; Hud negative Homer ; Lonnie negative Norman ; her negative Hud ; her negative Lonnie ; Hud neutral Bannon <$> Hud Bannon is an ambitious , brash , callous and self - centered man whose life fits him like a cheap suit . He has few interests other than enjoying himself and avoiding responsibility . His life is limited to drinking , brawling in bars , joyriding in his sporty pink Cadillac , and sleeping with women . Although his elderly rancher - father Homer is a deeply principled man , none of his ethics have rubbed off on Hud ; he 's the spoiled youngest son and baby - brother of Homer 's eldest son , Norman . Also living at the Bannon Ranch is Hud 's teenage nephew Lonnie . Lonnie 's late father was Hud 's elder brother , Norman , who died in a car wreck as a result of Hud 's recklessness . Hud wrongly believes that his brother 's death is the primary cause of Homer 's anger and resentment toward him . The age difference between Hud and Norman makes Hud much nearer in age to his nephew Lonnie than he would otherwise be . Throughout the early part of the film , Lonnie is continuously seeking ways to develop a post-childhood brotherly relationship with Hud , looking toward establishing as a young man the kind of personal bonds that can exist between young - adult brothers . Indeed , in the course of the screenplay 's unfolding of its events , Hud does begin to open up to his nephew . but for reasons that will later be revealed , the transparent falseness of Hud ’s opening up to Lonnie only confirms the despicable nature of his character . Hud , in a true act of adult cruelty comes to recognize Lonnie ’s desire for an emotional attachment to him , and tries to use this attraction to gain Lonnie ’s support in his moves against Homer . The central challenge in the screenplay ’s plot that the Bannons have to confront is the fact that Homer has probably permanently destroyed the ranch ’s operational and financial viability through his own acts of carelessness . He buys some cheap Mexican cattle which , unknown to him , are infected with foot - and - mouth disease . He failed to quarantine these animals , though they had been bought from sources both out of the state and out of the country entirely . Homer only calls in Hud after some of the cattle in the herd have simply dropped dead , without obvious cause . Homer alone decided upon what course of action to take and merely wanted Hud to share standing watch over the dead carcasses in shifts until the state veterinarian arrived to formally test them . Hud , who suspects what the problem might be when Homer tells him the origin of the newly bought cattle , recommends they quickly sell them before word gets out . But Homer , ignoring both Hud ’s suggestion and the financial consequences to the ranch , does not alter his decision , and he calls in the state veterinarian . The vet immediately issues a legally binding order that the Bannon ranch be quarantined . Thus , no livestock movement to or from the ranch is possible . After the test results come back , the vet orders the entire herd be destroyed and buried on the ranch under state supervision , to quarantine the infection there and to keep it from spreading . Although this will probably bankrupt the Bannons , Homer complies , rather than risk spreading the disease or passing the problem on to unsuspecting buyers . Hud is angry that his inheritance has been eroded ; he attempts to have Homer declared legally incompetent , so that he can usurp control of their ranch . In a key scene , Hud takes Lonnie out for a night on the town . They get drunk and triumph in a barroom brawl . Afterwards , back on the ranch , Hud begins to reflect on " old times " when he and Lonnie 's father used to do the same thing . He briefly lets down his guard about his feelings toward his brother , Norman 's untimely death , and his father 's coldness towards him . Homer confronts Hud as they come into the ranch house ; he accuses his son of trying to corrupt Lonnie . Most angering of all to Homer is that fact that he clearly sees the cunning , ulterior motive of Hud in his show of personal attention and feigned affection toward Lonnie , in that Hud is trying to use this attraction to gain Lonnie ’s support in his moves against Homer . A huge blowup between father and son ensues ; Hud accuses Homer of hypocrisy , " quoting Scripture like he wrote it himself " and nursing a hatred for him over Norman 's death . Homer reveals that his disappointment runs deeper than that and long predated the fatal wreck : " I took that hard , but I buried it ! " He is then goaded by Hud into spilling out his deep , visceral disgust for him , saying that Hud cares about no one but himself and is so unethical that he 's " not fit to live with . " Hud says , " My mama loved me , but then she died . " Lonnie and Hud are both attracted to the Bannons ' middle - aged housekeeper , Alma ; yet Hud is crude and insulting to her , while Lonnie is protective . Although Hud 's attraction to her is somewhat mutual , Alma keeps her distance because she has already been " around the block " with macho womanizers like Hud . In a drunken rage , Hud forces himself upon Alma , and Lonnie comes to her aid . She promptly flees the ranch , disgusted and demoralized at Hud 's brutishness . After Lonnie drops her off at the bus station , Hud happens by as she is waiting . He apologizes for his drunken assault , but not for his attraction to her . Driving back to the ranch , Lonnie spots his grandfather at the roadside . Homer has fallen from his horse during a survey of the Bannon ranch . Hud pulls up behind Lonnie , and both try to help Homer , but he does not survive . At the very end , Homer accuses Hud of being eager for him to die . Although Lonnie initially idealized Hud for his charm and liveliness , he is repelled by his uncle 's treatment of Homer and Alma ; Lonnie now sees Hud for what he is . After Homer 's funeral , Lonnie leaves the ranch , not sure if he will ever return . Lonnie tells Hud to put his half of their inheritance in the bank , then walks off . For a moment , Hud feels the emptiness of his life , which he has created by driving everyone who loved him away . But after a swig of beer and a moment 's thought , he dismisses Lonnie 's departure with a deprecating wave and a smile of indifference . Hud goes back into the Bannon house alone ; the final fade - out shows the window shade 's pull - ring , swaying to and fro .
Sia negative Sahil ; Rewa positive Dhruv ; Rewa neutral Sia <$> Rewa Singh ( [ [ Tabu and Sia Sheth are best friends . Having grown up together , the pair are inseparable and are always there for each other . They are very different when it comes to marriage and commitment . Rewa is passionate and dreams of having her own family whilst Sia is always running away from settling down and is determined to put her career first . Sia 's boyfriend Sahil has proposed to her three times and she always turns him down , yet he is determined to marry her . Rewa meets the love of her life Dhruv Malhotra and marries him . They are overjoyed when they find out Rewa is pregnant . The whole family are thrilled but their joy is short - lived when Rewa suffers a miscarriage and , due to complications , is unable to have children . Rewa is devastated but tries to carry on with the support of Dhruv and Sia . However , feeling incomplete and empty , she slowly sinks into depression . Sia can not stand to see her friend like this and asks to be a surrogate mother to their child . Dhruv is opposed to the idea , but Rewa 's insistence sways his decision and he agrees . Soon Sia is pregnant and she is overjoyed for herself but more specifically for Rewa . Unfortunately , Sahil disagrees with what Sia did and abruptly breaks off their relationship . Rewa and Dhruv do everything to make sure that Sia takes care of herself and the baby stays healthy . However cracks between Rewa and Sia begin to surface . Rewa is jealous that Dhruv is spending more and more time with Sia and she also is frustrated as she is not able to experience the joy of carrying a child . Rewa begins to lash out at Sia and at times insults her . Things come to a head when Sia decorates the baby 's room . Rewa , unable to cope , shouts at Sia and declares that she does not want the baby . Sia leaves in tears and goes into an early labour . Rewa realising her wrongdoing rushes to her friend 's side . Sia gives birth to a girl and hands the child to Rewa . Rewa and Dhruv leave with their child and Sia meets Sahil who proposes to her again and this time she accepts .
Pythona positive Serpentor ; Joe negative Serpentor ; Duke negative Falcon ; Serpentor neutral Falcon ; Falcon positive Jinx ; Joe negative Falcon ; BET neutral Golobulus ; BET positive Falcon <$> While Cobra Commander and Serpentor blame each other 's stewardship of Cobra as the root cause of the organization 's failures , a mysterious woman breaks into the Terror Drome . Cobra Commander leads the counter-attack , but in an attempt to rid himself of Serpentor , allows the intruder to escape . Reaching Serpentor , the intruder reveals herself as Pythona , who comes from a secret civilization known as Cobra - La . Pythona states that they were responsible for inspiring Doctor Mindbender to create Serpentor through dream manipulation . At her urging , Serpentor plans to capture G.I. Joe 's newest weapon , the Broadcast Energy Transmitter , a device that , when activated , sends out surges of electrical power . Cobra assaults the Joes as they test the BET in the Himalayas . The Joes use the BET to activate their automated weapons systems and defeat the Cobra forces . Serpentor is captured and Cobra Commander orders a retreat . Cobra Commander leads his troops into the mountains , promising them a safe haven . A small detachment of G.I. Joe forces follow them . As the Joes celebrate their victory , a new group of rookie Joes are brought onto the team , including the allegedly clumsy kunoichi Jinx , military police officer Law and his dog Order , former basketball player Big Lob , EOD specialist Tunnel Rat , undercover officer Chuckles , and the rebellious slacker and half - brother to Duke , the green beret Lieutenant Falcon . Falcon and Duke dislike each other due to Falcon 's immaturity and irresponsibility . Pursued by a cadre of G.I. Joe troops , Cobra Commander leads his forces to Cobra - La . An army of insect - armor wearing soldiers attack the Joe forces and imprison them within the Lovecraftian living environment of Cobra - La . The Cobra soldiers are met by Cobra - La 's leader Golobulus . Golobulus orders Cobra Commander arrested as the rest of the group learns the secret origin of both Cobra - La and Cobra : Cobra - La was an ancient civilization that ruled the Earth , in part due to their advanced scientific knowledge that allowed them to manipulate and convert living creatures into advanced bio-organic technology . Their society was devastated by the onset of the Ice Age , forcing the survivors into caverns within the Himalayan mountains . As centuries passed , Cobra - La rebuilt their society in secret . Golobulus , hating humanity due to their polluting technology and ecologically unfriendly ways , vowed to wipe them off the face of the Earth , and found an agent in the form of a former nobleman who was working on biological weapons of mass destruction . A lab accident caused the nobleman 's face to be permanently disfigured with eight additional eyes . Equipping him with a featureless silver facemask that allowed his multiple eyes to work normally , as well as a uniform that allowed him to pass for human , the nobleman became Cobra Commander and was charged with conquering the world for Cobra - La . However , Cobra Commander 's repeated failures led Golobulus to arrange for Serpentor 's creation , by implanting the inspiration to create Serpentor into Doctor Mindbender 's brain with a small creature called a " psychic motivator " . Golobulus punishes Cobra Commander for his repeated failures , exposing him to the biological weapon Cobra Commander disfigured himself developing years earlier : mutative spores that slowly transform Cobra Commander into a large snake . He escapes and makes his way to the Joes ' camp with Roadblock , blinded in hand - to - hand combat with Golobulus ' huge henchman , the Nemesis Enforcer . Zarana is sent to the Joes ' main base in disguise , where she seduces Lt. Falcon into letting her view Serpentor 's holding cell . Duke catches him in the act and having abandoned his training . Duke ends up putting Lt. Falcon on guard duty until he says otherwise . After Falcon abandons his post to flirt with Jinx later that night , the Dreadnoks free Serpentor with the aid of the Nemesis Enforcer . Lt. Falcon is scolded by General Hawk for abandoning his post which led to some of the G.I. Joe members being hospitalized . General Hawk ends up condemning Lt. Falcon to his quarters until court - martial . With Serpentor freed , Golobulus orders the rest of Cobra to aid him in his scheme to destroy humanity . Golobulus intends to launch mutagenic spore pods into orbit and use the BET to hatch the spores , mutating all of humanity into mindless animals to be controlled by Cobra - La . General Hawk is convinced by Duke to spare Lt. Falcon a harsh punishment . The other generals reassign Lt. Falcon to the " Slaughter House " where he is to be whipped back into shape by Sergeant Slaughter and his " Renegades " consisting of ex-Viper Mercer , former football player Red Dog , and former acrobat Taurus . While on a recon mission to the Terrordome , Slaughter and his crew learn of Cobra 's plans . The Joes mobilize to protect the BET , leaving Falcon and the new recruits behind . When Cobra attacks , the recruits take it upon themselves to help the Joes . Cobra mounts a large offensive and steals the BET device . Serpentor nearly kills Falcon , but he is saved by Duke at the last moment . Taking the attack meant for Falcon , Duke falls into a coma . Falcon , the Renegades and the new recruits head to the Himalayas to stop Cobra - La . The G.I. Joe team is led to Cobra - La 's lair by Cobra Commander , who loses his mental faculties as he mutates . The new recruits prove themselves as valuable soldiers as the Joes rescue their captured teammates and foil Golobulus 's plans as he gets away . Old scores are settled as Jinx defeats Pythona , Sgt. Slaughter battles and defeats the Nemesis Enforcer and Falcon causes Serpentor to lose control of his air chariot and is sent hurtling out of Cobra - La . Together , Slaughter and Jinx enable Falcon to reconfigure the BET to incinerate the spore pods in space , destroying them . The machine overloads , destroying Cobra - La . As the Joes celebrate their victory , Doc announces that Duke has come out of his coma .
Nicholas neutral her <$> The film is set in London in June , 1911 . George V will be crowned king on 22 June and in the preceding days many of the most important dignitaries arrive . Among those arriving are King Nicholas of Carpathia and the regent , Prince Charles . The British government realises the succession in Carpathia is critical to the rising tension in Europe and to gain favour with them would be wise . They find it necessary to pamper the royals during their stay in London , and thus civil servant Northbrook is detached to their service . Northbrook decides to take the Prince Regent out to the musical performance The Coconut Girl . During the interval the Prince Regent is taken backstage to meet the cast . He is particularly uninterested in engaging with the male actors and extremely interested only in the physical charms of Elsie Marina , one of the performers , and sends a formal written invitation for her to meet him at the embassy for supper . Elsie arrives at the embassy and is soon joined by the Prince Regent , a stiff , pompous but powerful fool . She expects a party but quickly realises the Prince 's true intentions -- to seduce her . She was previously persuaded not to leave early by Northbrook , who promised to provide an excuse for her to escape . While Elsie is there for love , the Prince has other ideas . He is inept at romance , however , and turns his back on her to take a phone call . He then makes a clumsy pass at her , to which she 's accustomed from men and immediately rebuffs . She pointedly explains how inept he is at romance and the Prince then changes his tactics . The two eventually kiss and Elsie admits she may be falling in love , but she passes out from the many drinks he has encouraged her to consume . The Prince places her in an adjoining bedroom to stay the night . The following day , Elsie overhears a conversation concerning the young Nicolas ' plotting with the German embassy to overthrow his father . Promising not to tell , Elsie then meets the Dowager Queen , the prince 's mother - in - law , who decides she should join them for the coronation in place of her lady - in - waiting . The ceremony passes and Elsie refuses to tell the Prince Regent details of the treasonous plot . During the Coronation Ball she persuades Nicholas to draw up a contract in which he confesses his and the Germans ' intent , but only if the Prince agrees to a general election . The Prince Regent is impressed and realizes that he has fallen in love with Elsie . The morning after the Coronation Ball , Elsie irons out the differences between father and son . Her honesty and sincerity have inspired the prince finally to show love to his son in private , rather than only affecting it in public . The next day , the Carpathians must leave to return home . The Prince Regent had planned to have Elsie join them ; in eighteen months ' time , his regency will be over and he will be a free citizen . She reminds him that that is also the length of her music - hall contract . They both realize that much can happen in eighteen months and say goodbye . The ending is ambiguous , left up to the viewer to decide if they will meet again in 18 months time .
Nell positive Dudley ; Fenwick neutral Dudley <$> The story begins with three children and a horse . These are young versions of Dudley Do - Right , Nell Fenwick , Snidely Whiplash , and Horse . The three talk of their aspirations ; Dudley believes he is destined to be a royal Canadian Mountie while Nell wishes to see the world . Snidely , however , wishes to be the " bad guy " . Several years later , all three have fulfilled their supposed destinies . Dudley is now a Mountie , and Snidely has become an infamous bank robber . After Snidely and his gang rob a bank of its money and gold , Snidely tricks his entire gang into believing he has fled with the bulk of the cash to the Sudan and going on a wild goose chase after him . Snidely subsequently salts the stolen gold and spreads it in the lakes . Dudley catches him the act , but Snidely fools him into thinking he is vampire hunting , and uses a similar tactic to scare Horse off . Not long after , Nell returns from her world tour and reunites with Dudley . The two attend a festival at the nearby Kumquat tribe . Meanwhile , Prospector Kim J. Darling , the poorest man in Semi-Happy Valley , stumbles across the gold in the river and is made into a media sensation by Snidely . The subsequent gold rush boosts Snidely 's popularity and he quickly takes control of the town , renaming it " Whiplash City " . Eventually , Snidely 's men return from the Sudan to kill him for his deceit , but Snidely convinces them otherwise by offering them lives of luxury in his new town . Dudley becomes convinced that Snidely is up to something and confronts him , but Snidely laughs him off and snatches Nell from him . Snidely sends his second in command , Homer , to assassinate Dudley with a bomb , but Dudley is absent when the bomb goes off . Nell 's father , Inspector Fenwick , discovers this and discharges Dudley from the Mounties . Dudley falls into a depression and wanders across the town until he runs into a drunken Darling , who offers him shelter at his underground cave in the woods . Darling tells Dudley of Snidely 's plans and newfound popularity , and takes him to see a Gala Ball in Snidely 's honor . Dudley comically attempts to take Nell back from Snidely , but loses pathetically . Darling decides to put Dudley through some training to make him a more formidable opponent , which basically involved Dudley being pummeled with stones in a trust exercise and beaten with sticks in an attempt to heighten his senses . At the end of the training , which leaves Dudley barely conscious , Darling comments that Dudley will be perfectly alright against the enemy , depending they DO N'T attack him with sticks . Dudley 's first act is to intimidate one of Snidely 's men into telling him the next gold shipment . Dudley sabotages the shipment and leaves his mark on Snidely 's workshop , as well as his favorite golf course . Eventually , Darling leaves to find his family , and parts ways with Dudley , thanking him for his friendship . Dudley then uses his new training to win Nell back from Snidely , who swears revenge . Snidely attempts to rally the people against Dudley , but their lingering respect for Dudley only turns them against Snidely . Snidely ultimately discovers that Dudley and Nell are at another festival with the Kumquat tribe , and leads a full scale attack on them . The Kumquats flee for their lives until Horse reappears and helps Dudley sabotage Snidely 's tanks by making Snidely and Homer accidentally shoot each other . A cavalry of Mounties appears and arrests Snidely and his men . Darling also arrives with his wife and is reunited with Dudley , revealing that they called out the cavalry . Inspector Fenwick reinstates Dudley in the Mounties . The final scene shows Dudley and Nell living together in Dudley 's rebuilt house . They share a kiss as the film closes .
Mrs. negative Mr. ; Kang neutral Mina <$> An extended family has moved from the city to live in a large house out in the mountains , which they convert into a lodge for hikers . Consisting of a middle aged father Kang Dae - Goo , mother Jeong Soon - Ryae , Dae - Goo 's younger brother Kang Chang - Goo , and their adult children Kang Young - Min , Kang Mi - Soo and Kang Mina they suffer a string of misfortunes as various patrons come to stay . Their first guest , a hiker , asks for a room and three beers . Left to himself , he spends the night forging his room key holder to be sharp enough to stab himself and is found dead the next morning . The father of the family decides on burying the body in the woods , under the assumption that no one would believe this to be a suicide . Later , a young couple drops in for a stay to have sex in the privacy of their room and end up dead together the next morning . A pair of friends from town stop by for drinks until one of the men falls for Mi - Soo and subsequently attempts to rape her , but she is saved by Young - Min , who accidentally ends up pushing the man off a cliff , while his friend is taken captive by the family to prevent him from calling the police . Mr. Park , the benefactor of the family later asks for their lodging for his younger half sister to have a hitman check into the neighboring room at midnight and murder her so he can be the only successor to claim inheritance of the soon profitable land . Uninformed of the plan , Uncle Kang senses foul play and sends the half sister home to Seoul when she is found to be restless . The plan goes further awry when the hitman arrives fifteen minutes late , and the room had been taken by an undercover cop investigating the recent string of missing people , mistaken to be the hitman . The hitman thus ends up killing the cop instead , and later gets killed by a suspicious Young - Min . A heavy rainstorm overnight nearly uncovers the buried corpses by morning , leaving the family no choice but to incinerate them . When uncle returns from the trip to Seoul , he angers Dae - Goo who had hoped to settle Mr. Park 's plot without any trouble . A fight ensues as uncle is beaten senseless but is saved from a blow to the head by Young - Min who then trips , hitting his head on the stairs , he is whisked to the hospital , leaving the elderly parents the only ones left to finish the job . The local man , having been imprisoned , bound and gagged , tries to make his escape but gets his ropes tangled in several trees as he escapes the lodge . Soon enough , Mr. Park drops in unannounced to check if his sister - in - law has been terminated as planned , but is in complete shock when he sees Mr. Kang and Mrs. Jeong carrying the corpse of the undercover cop , knowing that he was n't the hitman . A brief struggle begins when Mr. Park tries to escape without trying to figure out just what exactly has happened , and ends after he accidentally falls to his death down the stairs , adding yet another body to be done away with for the family . To drive away attention , Mrs. Jeong switches off the circuits throughout the lodge and outside storage where she and her husband are piling the corpses , dousing them in gasoline . Mina , trying to watch TV , asks for Uncle Kang to switch the circuits back on , inadvertently causing a socket in the storage to burst in flames , triggering the cremation fire prematurely , trapping the parents inside . Meanwhile , Young - Min is in the hospital recovering from his concussion and laughing insanely over a news report on the shooting of a North Korean agent wandering through the forest . After an uncertain amount of time later , Uncle Kang , Young - Min , Mi - Soo , and Mina are preparing to serve dinner , totally unaware of the fire in the storage building . The parents return , in bandages , having survived the fire . Without a single word , the family quietly has dinner until there is a sudden knock at the door . Unsure of what to do , they all stand quietly in the doorway of the dining room , waiting for whoever is at the door to go away . When the dog starts barking at the knocking , the family , in unison hushes the dog ; they have become the quiet family . The film ends with a wide shot of the lodge in winter , with Mina outside , looking at it , and then to the camera with an uncertain look on her face ; all to the sound of The Partridge Family 's " I Think I Love You " .
BnL negative McCrea <$> In 2805 , Earth is covered in garbage due to decades of mass consumerism facilitated by the megacorporation Buy n Large . BnL evacuated Earth 's population in fully automated starliners in 2105 , leaving behind trash compactor Waste Allocation Load Lifter – Earth Class “ WALL - E ” robots to clean the planet , but they eventually stopped operating and Earth was left abandoned . One WALL - E unit has managed to remain active by repairing itself using parts from other broken units . It has also developed sentience , as with its regular duties it inquisitively collects artifacts of human civilization back to its storage truck home , has befriended a cockroach and enjoys listening to Hello , Dolly ! One day , WALL - E discovers and collects a growing seedling plant . A spaceship later lands and deploys Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator or “ EVE ” , an advanced robot sent from the BnL starliner Axiom to search for vegetation on Earth . Inspired by Hello , Dolly ! , WALL - E falls in love with the initially cold and hostile EVE and wishes to join hands with her , who gradually softens and befriends him . When WALL - E brings EVE to his truck and showcases his collection , she finds the plant and automatically stores it , going into standby mode for retrieval from her ship . WALL - E spends time with EVE while she is on standby . He then clings to the hull of EVE 's ship as it collects and returns her to the Axiom . On the Axiom , the ship 's original human passengers and their descendants have suffered from severe bone loss and become morbidly obese after centuries of living in microgravity and relying on the ship 's automated systems for most tasks . Captain B. McCrea , in charge of the ship , mostly leaves control to the robotic autopilot Auto . WALL - E follows EVE to the bridge of the Axiom , where the Captain learns that by putting the plant in the spaceship holo - detector and verifying Earth is habitable again , the Axiom will make a hyperjump back to Earth so the passengers can recolonize . However , Auto orders McCrea 's robotic assistant GO - 4 to steal the plant as part of its no return directive , secretly issued to autopilots after BnL incorrectly concluded in 2110 that the planet could not be saved and humanity should remain in space . With the plant missing , EVE is considered defective and taken to the repair ward along with WALL - E. WALL - E mistakes the process on EVE for torture and tries to save her , accidentally releasing a horde of malfunctioning robots , while the security systems then designate both WALL - E and EVE as rogue . Angry with WALL - E 's disruptions , EVE brings him to the escape pod bay to send him home . There they witness GO - 4 dispose of the missing plant by placing it inside a pod set to self - destruct . WALL - E enters the pod , which is then jettisoned into space , escaping with the plant before the pod explodes . Reconciling with EVE , they celebrate with a dance in space outside the Axiom . Meanwhile the Captain , learning from the ship 's computer , becomes fascinated about life on Earth before its pollution and abandonment . The plant is brought to the captain , who surveys EVE 's recordings of Earth and concludes that mankind must return to restore their home . However , Auto reveals his directive , staging a mutiny by tasering WALL - E , incapacitating EVE and confining the captain to his quarters . EVE realizes the only parts for repairing WALL - E are in his truck on Earth , so she helps him bring the plant to the holo - detector to activate the Axiom { { ' } } s hyperjump . Captain McCrea opens the holo - detector while fighting with Auto and causing chaos on the ship , but Auto partially crushes WALL - E by closing the holo - detector on him . After McCrea disables Auto and takes back control , EVE places the plant in the holo - detector , freeing the severely damaged WALL - E and setting the Axiom on the instant hyperjump to Earth . The human population finally lands back on Earth after hundreds of years . EVE brings WALL - E back to his home where she successfully repairs and reactivates him , but he reverts to his original programming as an unfeeling waste compactor . Heartbroken , EVE gives WALL - E a farewell kiss that jolts back WALL - E 's memory and personality . WALL - E and EVE happily reunite as the humans and robots of the Axiom begin to restore Earth and its environment , shown through a series of artworks at the end . * Ben Burtt produced the voice of WALL - E , the title character . WALL - E , a robot who has developed sentience , is the only robot of " his " kind shown to be still functioning on Earth . He is a small mobile compactor box with all - terrain treads , three - fingered shovel hands , binocular eyes , and retractable solar cells for power . He collects spare parts for himself , which becomes pivotal to the plot , and replaces broken and / or worn out parts on - the - fly by cannibalizing " dead " WALL - Es . Although working diligently to fulfill his directive to clean up the garbage he is distracted by his curiosity , collecting trinkets of interest . He stores and displays these " treasures " such as a birdcage full of rubber ducks , a Rubik 's Cube , Zippo lighters , disposable cups filled with plastic cutlery and a golden trophy at his home where he examines and categorizes his finds while watching video cassettes of musicals via an iPod viewed through a huge magnifier . ** Burtt is also credited for the voice of M - O , as well as most of the other robots . M - O is a tiny , obsessive compulsive maintenance robot with rollers for hands who keeps Axiom clean . When M - O meets WALL - E and sees how filthy he is , he deviates from his normal routine and follows WALL - E , cleaning up behind him . When he follows WALL - E to the garbage bay , he inadvertently but fortuitously saves WALL - E and EVE from being blown into the vacuum of space . He then forms a close friendship with Wall - E and aids the two in retrieving the plant , most notably through using his contaminant detecting vision when Wall - E drops the plant . Back on Earth , he ushers the other robots into giving WALL • E and EVE some privacy as they share a tender moment . * Elissa Knight as EVE , a sleek robot probe whose directive is to locate vegetation on Earth and verify habitability . She has a glossy white egg - shaped body and blue LED eyes . She moves using antigravity technology and is equipped with scanners , specimen storage and a plasma cannon in her arm , which she is quick to use . When first deployed on Earth she appears devoid of feeling but as the craft that delivered her blasts off and away she springs to life with gleeful flight . Watching her , WALL - E accidentally draws her attention as she sets about following her directive growing ever more impatient with both her lack of success and with WALL - E 's constant monitoring . This shared strength of feeling soon connects the two characters . * Jeff Garlin as Captain B. McCrea , the commander , and apparently only , officer on the Axiom . His duties as captain are boring daily routines , with the ship 's autopilot handling all true command functions . Meeting WALL - E , however , sparks his interest in Earth and he becomes engrossed in researching the home planet , paving the way for his retaking control of the ship back from the Autopilot . * Fred Willard as Shelby Forthright , historical CEO of the Buy n Large Corporation , shown only in videos recorded around the time of the Axiom { { ' } } s initial launch . Constantly optimistic , Forthright proposed the evacuation plans , then to clean up and recolonize the planet . However , the corporation gave up after realizing how toxic Earth had become . Forthright is the only live action character with a speaking role , the first in any Pixar film . * MacInTalk , the text - to - speech program for the Apple Macintosh , was used for the voice of Auto , the rogue autopilot artificial intelligence built into the ship . Unlike other robots in the film , Auto is not influenced by WALL - E , instead following directive A113 , which is to prevent the Axiom and the humans from returning to Earth because of the toxicity , and he will prevent anyone from deviating from it . The robot 's design is a homage to HAL 9000 from 2001 : A Space Odyssey , featuring a HAL - style red " eye " in the center of his body . { { citation needed | datenotes / >
Afsara positive Lalit <$> Geeta Devi is one of the daughters - in - law of a prominent and wealthy family , who is unfortunately widowed . Still youthful and attractive , she gives in to the wiles of one of the men in the neighbourhood , Lalit Ramji , and starts living with him . She has a daughter , Afsara by him , and the three are portrayed as a happy family unit . One day , Lalit disappears without explanation , and from then on , the lives of the abandoned mother and daughter go steadily downward . Afsara is forced to leave school through her erstwhile in - laws ' machinations ; with no income , their landlord is forced to let them go , and they have to move to a hutment colony , Geeta begins work as a maidservant in order to earn a living and support her daughter . One of the poignant themes in the movie is Afsara 's relationship with her father , to whose illusory love she hangs on with a childlike and , in the end , horribly unjustified faith . Learning that Lalit is now a successful politician , Afsara persuades her mother to travel to New Delhi to meet him as she is sure her father will rescue them from their terrible condition . Rejected , the mother returns , and having lost all hope and faith in human goodness , takes to drink . Soon after , she dies leaving her daughter aged 16 all alone . The daughter takes up her mother 's job as maidservant in the house of a widower of 15 years . He seems genuinely concerned for the welfare of the girl and slowly gains her trust and finally asks her to come live with him despite the age gap . After some initial reluctance , the girl finally accepts and starts living with Om Puri , and briefly the yong girl is restored to a secure life free of want . Her protector , then dies of a heart attack . His relatives accuse the girl of murder and she is taken into custody and questioned by the police . After a few months she is released for lack of evidence . Left to her own devices , she works for a time as a prostitute until she decides to move to Delhi and try to get in touch with her father . In Delhi , she lives in the railway station with three other street children , even acquiring a status of leadership among them . One day , she learns that her father is coming to the city and will be giving a conference . She decides to attend and during the conference , she gets up and starts shouting to her father that she is his daughter . Lalit ignores her calls and she is led out by the police and left a few miles down the road . She then realizes that her mother was right and that her father had really abandoned them to their fate . Faced with the treacherous cruelty that life can show , she is walking along , loudly lamenting her fate and reviling life , when one of her father 's henchmen slips up behind her , and brutally slits her throat The movie ends with her lying dead on the grass .
Arun positive Sarita ; Lal neutral Sarita <$> A young and attractive girl , Sarita , lives with her wealthy father , aunt , cousin and maid . Her father hires a tutor to teach her with essay writing , named Arun . Arun and Sarita slowly fall in love , especially when she finds out he 's a famous poet by the name of ' Rahee ' . Her father is adamantly against the union because Arun is poor . He wants Sarita to marry the son of a wealthy man , Moti Lal . Furthermore , Sarita 's aunt wants her to marry her nephew Ramu , also known as Romeo and gets him hired as Sarita 's music tutor . Moti Lal then gets a letter saying that Sarita is not her father 's legitimate daughter , and her birth , religion and caste are called into question .
Shen positive Bin ; Bin negative Mark <$> Still Life is set in Fengjie , a city upstream of the massive Three Gorges Dam . Now marked for flooding , the city undergoes a process of self - deconstruction . Into this dying town comes Han Sanming , a coal - miner from the province of Shanxi who has returned in search of a wife who ran away sixteen years ago . Upon arriving , he asks a local motorcyclist to drive him to his former address on " Granite Street . " The driver takes him to the river bank , revealing that his entire neighborhood has been flooded since the building of the dam . After a failed attempt to obtain his wife 's information from the local municipal office , Han Sanming settles into a local hotel . Sanming 's next stop is a rickety boat owned by his wife 's elder brother . The brother informs Sanming that his wife and daughter work downriver in Yichang but that if he remains in the city , they will eventually return . Sanming then befriends a local teen , Brother Mark , who helps him get a job with his demolition crew . Together , the two spend their days tearing down buildings . The film then cuts to a second story with the arrival of Shen Hong , a nurse . Shen Hong 's husband , Guo Bing had left their home in Shanxi two years earlier and had made only token attempts to keep in contact . She eventually enlists the help of one of her husband 's friends , Wang Dongming , who lets her stay at his home as the two seek Guo Bin . Shen Hong discovers that Guo Bin had become a fairly successful businessman in Fengjie . Dongming refuses to answer whether Guo Bin has another girl on the side , though Shen Hong later finds out her husband is indeed having an affair with his wealthy investor . When Guo Bin and Shen Hong at last meet , she simply walks away . As her husband pursues her , she tells him that she has fallen in love with someone else and wishes to divorce . When he asks with whom and when she had fallen in love , she responds , " Does it really matter ? " The film then cuts back to Sanming for the final third . He has been working at demolishing buildings for sometime when Brother Mark is fatally injured in a collapse of a wall , or perhaps he was murdered during a " job " contracted out by Guo Bin to gather a gang of youths to intimidate the inhabitants of a rival piece of real estate . Soon afterwards , his brother - in - law calls informing him that his wife , Missy Ma has returned . Sanming and Missy then meet . Sanming asks why she left him , to which she answers , " I was young , what did I know ? " She tells him that their daughter works further south , and that she works for a boat - owner essentially as an indentured servant due to her brothers debt . Sanming attempts to take his ex-wife with him , but is informed that he will have to pay 30,000 RMB to cover the debt . He promises to do so , and makes the decision to head back to Shanxi to work in the mines . His new friends and coworkers announce that they will be following , but Sanming reminds them of the intensely dangerous nature of the work . The film ends as Sanming prepares to depart . A man walking across a tight - rope appears in the background ...
Marilyn negative his ; his negative Clare <$> Noah Cooper , a therapist , gets fired from the office where he has worked for many years . When he arrives home he finds his wife 's cousin , Myron Stubbs , ( [ [ Mike White has moved in . Later that evening his mother , Marilyn also arrives with her dogs and asks whether she can stay . Even though Noah is displeased , he allows Marilyn to stay . He discovers his mother has left his father , suspecting that he had an affair . He and Marilyn get hired at a carpet store , but because of Marilyn 's stupid tasks both of them get fired . Meanwhile his relationship with his wife , Clare , deteriorates and she subsequently leaves . Marilyn spies her husband and they have an encounter . Her husband , Gene confesses that he has tried to cheat on her twice . Noah 's grandmother , Helen Cooper dies , and at the funeral Noah and Maryiln debate . Noah gets moved by his mother 's words and realises that his decision not to have a baby was wrong and rushes to Clare to apologize . The film ends with Marylin and Myron moving in together elsewhere .
Kailey negative Gully ; Kailey negative David ; Gully positive David <$> Turn the River stars Famke Janssen as Kailey Sullivan , a woman rough around the edges and schooled in hard knocks . Divorced from her son 's father and without visitation rights , she and her son write letters to each other and meet surreptitiously . Kailey learns that her son Gully , is receiving abuse from his father and is being bullied in school . She decides that the best thing for her and her child would be to leave the country and start a new life in Canada . She puts a plan into motion to organise fake passports and papers which require that she raise a fair amount of money . Kailey starts off by using her exceptional skills at pool to win small bets . After a nasty encounter with a player unhappy at losing , Kailey reveals to her friend Teddy Quinette , that she met her ex-husband David while she was running an illegal card game room . David left his studies in a seminary to marry a then pregnant Kailey . David 's mother , staunchly religious and unhappy at this turn of events , reported Kailey 's illegal activities and then struck a deal with her to make her life easier in return for Kailey getting a divorce and giving away custody of Gully . With Teddy 's help Kailey begins to organise high stakes games against skilled players at the pool bar Teddy owns . Kailey eventually collects enough money together and prepares to flee with her son in tow . On the morning of departure she drops by David 's house to speak to him for the first time in eleven years . She tells him that she is leaving with Gully and that he will be better off with her . Kailey then handcuffs David inside the house with the aid of a replica handgun . David 's wife returns to find him and they call the police . After driving to the Canadian border Kailey and Gully have only to catch an early morning bus over the border . The police manage to track them down before they can leave and Kailey is shot by police who believed her to be reaching for a firearm in her bag . It is left to the viewer to decide if she died or not . The movie ends with a flashback of Gully walking to Quinette 's pool bar for the first time to receive a post card from his mother .
Jai positive Munish <$> A wealthy and independent industrialist , JK alias Jai Kishan befriends a young man from a middle - class background by the name of Munish Mehra , assists him financially to go abroad and get necessary qualifications as an engineer , and then hires him on one of his construction projects . Jai meets with and falls in love with Meena Khanna , who is the daughter of a government official . Shortly after this , Jai finds out that Munish is also attracted to Meena , and is enraged . He subsequently fires Munish , and ensures that he will not get hired anywhere else . After several vain attempts to obtain employment , Munish gets hired by the government , and is assigned to investigate the collapse of a railway bridge . Munish finds out that Jai was directly responsible for this mishap as he used sub-standard materials . Munish now has the tools to avenge his humiliation at the hands of Jai , and accordingly informs his employer . But when the time comes for Munish to make a full report , he declines , and the government has no alternative but to prosecute him in a court of law for taking bribes and destroying his report . And the main witness appearing against him is none other than Jai .
Julian positive Jess ; Elliot positive Jess ; Alma neutral Elliot <$> In New York City 's Central Park , people begin committing mass suicide . Initially believed to be a bio-terrorist attack using an airborne neurotoxin , the behavior quickly spreads across the northeastern United States . Elliot Moore , a high school science teacher in Philadelphia , hears about the attacks and decides to go to Harrisburg by train with his wife , Alma . They are accompanied by his friend Julian and Julian 's eight - year - old daughter Jess . Julian 's wife is stuck in Philadelphia but is expected to meet them in Harrisburg . The train loses all radio contact en route and stops at a small town . They receive word that Philadelphia has been attacked and Julian 's wife was not able to get on the train to Harrisburg . Julian decides to go look for her , leaving his daughter with the Moores . However , the town has already been hit by the toxin . Succumbing to it , the driver and Julian both commit suicide . Elliot , Alma and Jess hitch a ride with a nurseryman and his wife . The nurseryman believes that plants are responsible , as they can release chemicals to defend themselves from threats . The crew are joined by other survivors and split into two groups , with Elliot , Alma , and Jess in the smaller group . When the larger group is affected by the toxin , Elliot realizes that the plants are targeting only large groups of people . He splits their group into smaller pockets and they walk along , arriving at a model home . Two other groups arrive on the property , triggering a neurotoxin attack , signaled by what appears to be wind tossing the vegetation . The next house they come upon is sealed , its residents trying to protect themselves from the toxin . Elliot 's attempts to reason with them are deemed unsuccessful when the residents shoot Josh and Jared , two teenage boys whom Elliot had earlier befriended . Elliot , Alma , and Jess next come upon the isolated house of Mrs. Jones , an elderly eccentric who has no outside contacts and is unaware of the current disaster . The following morning , Mrs. Jones becomes infected with the toxin . Realizing that the plants are now targeting individuals , Elliot locks himself in the basement but is separated from Alma and Jess , who are in the home 's small outhouse . They are able to communicate through an old talking tube , and Elliot warns them of the threat . He expresses his love for her before deciding that if he is to die , he would prefer to spend his remaining time with her . The three leave the safety of their buildings and embrace in the yard , surprised to find themselves unaffected by the neurotoxin . The outbreak has abated as quickly as it began . Three months later , Elliot and Alma have adjusted to their new life with Jess as their adopted daughter . On television , an expert , comparing the event to a red tide , warns that the epidemic may have only been a warning . He states that humans have become a threat to the planet and that is why the plants have responded aggressively . Alma discovers she is pregnant and embraces Elliot with the news . In the Tuileries Gardens at the Louvre Palace in Paris , France , a scream is heard and everyone freezes in place as the wind rustles through the trees , signifying another attack .
Durga positive Ajay ; Durga negative Radha ; Bhairav positive Radha <$> The story itself is simple : the story of a beautiful village girl called Durga finally married with her boyfriend Ajay . Ajay is a policeman who worked in the city and bring his wife to live with him . As a simple girl , Durga has the nature of plain and too much talk . Although initially Ajay looked a little embarrassed to see the nature of his wife who was always outspoken , but how did he love Durga . But the harsh nature of Durga and always fighting for truth and justice that have made him have more enemies . Especially when he destroys a bar and the bartender beat up the thugs are . The bar was owned by Bhairav who is a ruthless man who attacked the editor of the press who want to expose the crimes that take the kidney organs illegally from poor people to sell . Angry at the bar were destroyed , then asked a policeman named Bhairav SP Chaurasia to get rid of Durga . Meanwhile , Durga friends with Radha and his brother Ballu . One day Radha was kidnapped and taken to a brothel just because he loves his son Bhairav , Shyam . Fortunately Durga Radha managed to save . However Chaurasia pretended Durga and Radha asks a witness , but in court they even accused of being prostitutes . Unfortunately at that time , Ajay Chaurasia was sent for duty out of town so do not know the fate of his wife . Durga had to fight clear her good name . { { cite web } }
Matthew neutral Tom ; Matthew negative Amy ; Matthew negative Adrian ; Tom positive Simon ; Matthew neutral Rebecca ; Matthew neutral Jake ; Matthew negative Simon <$> Matthew Ryan has just been released from a psychiatric hospital following a breakdown resulting from the disappearance of his eight year old younger brother , Tom . After returning home , Matthew finds a tape from right after Tom went missing , a news clip in which Matthew 's father , Jake says , " I just want , Tom back . Please do n't hurt him . " While watching the tape the whispered , eerie voice of Tom says , " Matthew ... " Later , when Jake returns home , Matthew tells him about what he heard and shows him the tape , hoping that Jake will hear the voice too . However , Jake does not hear the voice and goes into a fit of rage as the wound of losing his son is reopened . Matthew soon meets his new troubled neighbour , Amy Tyler . She does not say much except that she 's sorry about Tom , and then leaves . Matthew is then walking along the pavement when he peers in a store window noticing a television with a reel of Missing Child photos . Tom shows up on the screen and Matthew sees the reflection of Tom behind him in the window . He turns around , but Tom is gone . That night at the park , Matthew is smoking with his friend , Simon whom he tells about hearing Tom 's voice . Simon informs him of a phenomenon where people hear dead people 's voices on tapes , which Matthew at first thinks nothing of as he still believes Tom is alive . The next day , Matthew records his own voice on a tape hoping to hear Tom when he plays it back . While in the middle of recording , a gang comes up to him , taunting him for being crazy , talking to himself in the park . They smash his recorder and beat him up . When Matthew wakes up , Amy is there , who takes him back home with her . They talk about their own personal issues for a while until Matthew goes home to listen to the tape . He once again hears Tom 's voice , though Jake is becoming increasingly concerned for Matthew 's mental health . That night Matthew has what will become a recurring dream of being buried alive . In the morning Matthew is visited by a clergymen , Adrian Ballan who talks to him for a while about Tom . Not really listening , Matthew sees a gaunt looking Tom , out the window . He disappears and eventually Adrian leaves . Later that day , Matthew meets up with Simon and makes him listen to the tape with Tom 's voice on it . Simon laughs , not believing him , suggesting he , " Need to spend a bit more time in the old whack shack , you know what I mean ? " Matthew leaves , irritated and furious that no one believes him . He again meets up with Amy who says that she believes him and recommends he go and talk to a medium she knows . Taking her advice , Matthew finds the medium , Shelley Cartwright who tells him that perhaps Tom is trying to tell him something . Before Matthew leaves , the medium 's daughter , Rebecca gives him a drawing of a girl . Matthew goes home and Jason Saks asks him what he thinks about all the recent abductions . Upon asking Jason what he means , Matthew discovers that Simon 's younger sister , Sophie has been recently abducted . Matthew refuses to answer Jason 's questions and hurries off to Simon 's house . He then realizes that the picture Rebecca gave him , was of Sophie . He shows it to Simon , who tells Matthew that Shelley Cartwright died years ago when her flat burnt down . He then throws Matthew out in a rage . Matthew returns to the medium 's house and sees it was burnt down . He confides all of this information to Amy who tells him it does not matter if Tom is alive or not , that Matthew just has to listen to him . After going to his appointment at the hospital , Matthew is chased out of the park by the gang that attacked him earlier and is rescued by Adrian who talks to him again about Tom , and what Matthew is going through . The next day Matthew and Jake get in an argument about Tom 's disappearance . Matthew accuses Jake of killing Tom and Jake then blames Matthew , telling him that he was supposed to be looking after Tom on the night he disappeared . Matthew then runs off and meets up with Amy who comforts him and explains that he can not blame Jake for what 's happened and has to trust him . The next day Matthew apologizes to Jake who then has men from the hospital to come and take him away again but Matthew runs away . Simon sees him and goes to tell him something but before he can talk Matthew explains to him that Adrian abducted Tom and Sophie . He then goes to what appears to be an underground catacomb and in it he is attacked by Adrian . When Simon and Jake come looking for Matthew there , Adrian says he has not seen him , but Simon secretly follows him . Simon goes down into the catacomb and while looking around for Matthew , Adrian drags him away and is holding him around the neck . He snaps his neck , killing him . Matthew , unaware Simon was there , finds Sophie whom he tells to run away when Adrian comes and attacks him again . When Matthew awakens , he finds Simon dead and escapes , collapsing outside of the catacomb and later waking up in the hospital . After leaving the hospital he learns that Amy had killed herself before they had ever met and that she must have been a ghost . Tom 's body is also discovered , and Matthew and his father are finally able to give him a proper burial .
her negative Salander ; Vanger positive Salander ; Martin negative Salander ; her negative Martin ; her negative her ; her positive Henrik ; Wennerström negative Salander <$> Journalist Mikael Blomkvist , co-owner of Millennium magazine , has just lost a libel case brought against him by corrupt businessman Hans - Erik Wennerström . Meanwhile , Lisbeth Salander , a damaged but brilliant researcher and computer hacker , compiles an extensive background check on Blomkvist for business magnate Henrik Vanger , who has a special task for him . In exchange for the promise of damning information about Wennerström , Blomkvist agrees to investigate the disappearance and assumed murder of Henrik 's grandniece , Harriet , 40 years before . After moving to the Vanger family 's compound , Blomkvist uncovers a notebook containing a list of names and numbers that no one has been able to decipher . Salander , who is under state legal guardianship due to mental incompetency , is appointed a new guardian , lawyer Nils Bjurman , after her previous guardian has a stroke . Bjurman abuses his authority to extort sexual favors from Salander and then violently rapes her , not realizing she has a hidden video camera in her bag . At their next meeting , she stuns him with a Taser , rapes him with a dildo , and marks him as a rapist with a tattoo on his chest and stomach ; she then blackmails him into writing her a glowing progress report . Blomkvist 's daughter visits him and notes that the numbers from the notebook are Bible references . Blomkvist tells Vanger 's lawyer Dirch Frode that he needs help with his research , and Frode recommends Salander based on the work she did researching Blomkvist himself . Blomkvist hires Salander to further investigate the notebook 's content . She uncovers a connection to a series of murders of young women that occurred from 1947 through 1967 , with the women either being Jewish or having Biblical names ; many of the Vangers are known antisemites . During the investigation , Salander and Blomkvist become lovers . Henrik 's brother Harald identifies Martin , Harriet 's brother and operational head of the Vanger empire , as a possible suspect . Salander 's research uncovers evidence that Martin and his deceased father , Gottfried , had committed the murders . Blomkvist breaks into Martin 's house to look for more clues , but Martin catches him and prepares to kill him . Martin brags about having killed women for decades , but denies killing Harriet . Salander arrives , subdues Martin and saves Blomkvist . While Salander tends to Blomkvist , Martin flees . Salander , on her motorcycle , pursues Martin in his SUV . He loses control of his vehicle on an icy road and dies when it catches fire . Salander nurses Blomkvist back to health , and tells him that she tried to kill her father when she was 12 . After recovering , Blomkvist deduces that Harriet is still alive and her cousin Anita likely knows where she is . He and Salander monitor Anita , waiting for her to contact Harriet . When nothing happens , Blomkvist confronts her , correctly deducing Anita is Harriet herself . She explains that her father and brother had sexually abused her for years , and that Martin saw her kill their father in self - defense . Her cousin Anita smuggled her out of the island and let her live under her identity . Finally free of her brother , she returns to Sweden and tearfully reunites with Henrik . As promised , Henrik gives Blomkvist the information on Wennerström , but it proves to be worthless . Salander hacks into Wennerström 's computer and presents Blomkvist with damning evidence of Wennerström 's crimes . Blomkvist publishes an article which ruins Wennerström , who flees the country . Salander hacks into Wennerström 's bank accounts and , travelling to Switzerland in disguise , transfers two billion euros to various accounts . Wennerström is soon found murdered . Salander reveals to her former guardian that she is in love with Blomkvist . On her way to give Blomkvist a Christmas present , however , Salander sees him and his longtime lover and business partner Erika Berger walking together happily . Heartbroken , she discards the gift and rides away .
Julia neutral Johnny ; Carl neutral Ritchie ; Cole positive Doberman ; Carl positive Cory ; Carl positive Fred ; Carl positive Mark ; Sloan positive Fred ; Claude neutral Cory ; Claude negative Doberman ; Johnny negative Ritchie ; Ritchie negative Doberman ; Carl negative Doberman <$> { { Plot } } Based loosely on the Finefrock / Koon story , the film follows a group of teenagers living in a fictional planned community called New Granada . The film begins with Carl Willat and his friends , Ritchie White , Claude Zachary , and Johnny hanging out at the rec , which is the only place in the community where young people can spend time and be somewhat supervised by rec counselor Julia . From a vantage point above an overpass , Mark Perry and his friend shoot a hole in the windshield of a passing patrol car with a BB gun and flee through New Grenada on their bikes . They pass Carl and Ritchie and tell them to hide because the police are on their way . Sgt. Ed Doberman , arrives shortly , spots the boys , and pulls them from their hiding place in the weeds behind an electrical control box . He searches them and finds a three - inch pocket knife in Ritchie 's pocket , so he shoves the pair into the patrol car , takes them to the station , and calls Carl 's father Fred , to come pick up the boy and warns him about the pair 's delinquent behavior . Carls father Fred Willat is the owner of the local Cadillac dealership and is well - connected within New Grenada 's business community . Before getting Doberman 's call , he is talking to Homeowner 's Association president Jerry Cole about getting wealthy Texas landowner Mr. Sloan to come to see the land across the street from the rec , and hopefully build an industrial park there instead of the planned twin cinema and roller rink , thereby making the community friendlier to business at the expense of the local kids . Back at the police station , Doberman is questioning Ritchie and Carl about who had the BB gun when Ritchie utters the most famous quote from the movie : " I only got one law : a kid who tells on another kid ... is a dead kid . " Ritchie is then taken out of the room while Doberman continues lecturing Carl and warns him that , if he continues his bad behavior , he will likely end up at the hill , an infamous juvenile detention facility in the area . Once home , Carl goes upstairs to his bedroom and blares Cheap trick on his headphones . The next day at school , Carl and Ritchie tell Claude about their misadventure with the police , and Claude announces that he took speed to prepare for an upcoming test : a surprise creative writing assignment related to the slide of a painting that was projected onto the classroom wall . The audience is not sure if the image shown in the film is the actual painting or merely Claude 's ghastly , nightmarish hallucination . Afterward , the students are assembled in the school 's Cafeterium for a presentation about the recent shooting of the police car , where Carl exchanges looks and smiles with Cory . That evening , Carl gets dressed to go out and then goes downstairs and asks his father about the land across from the rec . Fred tells him about the new proposal for an industrial park , telling him that it would be a better reason for peopel to move to New Grenada than " a bowling alley , " [ sic ] and the apoplectic Carl storms out to go join his friends over at the rec . The kids have brought pot , alcohol , and music to an impromptu party at the rec 's playground , where Claude buys a gram of hash from his friend Tip . An announcement about a party at a boy 's nearby house spreads through the crowd of kids , and the group migrates there to encounter a burgeoning party replete with everything teens are into : sex , drugs , beer , and Van Halen . Carl is handed a joint on his way to the basement , where he sees Mark making out with Cory on a couch . Coming over for a hit from the joint , Mark threatens Carl by saying that if he mentions his name to the cops , he 'll be eating through a tube , then melts away into the party . Carl gets upset with Cory , telling her that she could do a lot better than Mark . Carl then leaves , followed by Mark and his friend . While Carl is walking home alone , they jump him , beat him up , and take his money . When Carl gets home , he tries to avoid his parents seeing the cuts and bruises , but fails . Carl gets questioned , but , when refusing to tell them who jumped him , runs upstairs and locks himself in his room . Fred and Jerry Cole then talk about making sure The Rec is closed the next day , when Sloan comes to visit . The next day at The Rec , everyone is talking about Carl 's event , but he only releases the names of his attackers to Claude , Ritchie , Johnny , and Alan , another friend of theirs . While they 're talking , Julia , The Rec counselor , goes outside to talk to Doberman about The Rec staying open . Doberman goes inside and searches Claude , finding the gram of hash in his pocket , and taking him in . However , when they walk outside , Ritchie is standing on the cop car , and makes the cops chase him around the grounds . When the cops finally leave , Carl , and Ritchie go to get sodas , where Ritchie gives Carl firecrackers . They then get on their bikes and ride around the neighborhood , where they find Cory and her best friend Abby running out of a house , carrying a plastic bag . They stop them , and grab the bag , finding a gun in it , which the girls stole from the house . They then all go to a half - finished town home , which Carl and Ritchie call their condo . After planning a picnic with a gun Cory gets up and starts dancing , with the gun in her hand , pointing it at Carl playfully , but the gun goes off , and Carl scares everyone into thinking he is shot . The group then goes their separate ways . When Carl gets home , he sees Sloan 's car in the driveway , and , upset at his father , places the firecrackers given to him by Ritchie in the car 's engine , so that when the car is turned on , they will light . Sloan and his boys , scared , then leave , but not before warning Fred that if he does n't stop to listen to his son , it will come back to bite him . The next day , Carl calls Claude and Johnny , telling them to come to the picnic . They all show up , and after shooting the gun , and realizing that Carl is the only one with any sense of aim at all , they start walking . During the walk , Claude tells them that it was Tip who sold him the hash , and Cory announces that Tip had recently gotten busted for possession . They then decide to pay Tip a visit , and while the boys hold Tip down and interrogate him , the girls ransack his kitchen . Tip tells them that he told Doberman who he sold the hash to , because he was arrested last month . Ritchie then points the gun at him , preparing to shoot Tip , but Johnny lights a firecracker that makes a gun sound , which Tip 's mother interprets as her son being fatally shot . Before leaving , the boys throw Tip in the water under his porch . Before Cory and Abby leave Carl and Ritchie , Cory runs over to Carl and gives him a kiss , showing him that she likes him as much as he likes her . When Carl gets home , his mother tells him that he is forbidden to see Claude or Ritchie any longer , and that The Rec will be closed until a new counselor can be found . Carl gets in a fight with his father , and when Carl takes a swing at him , he smacks him across the face , causing him to , once again , lock himself in his room . The next day at school , in science class , Carl overhears Tip 's mother and the school 's principal talking in a connected classroom . Tip 's mother tells the principal the names of the boys that assaulted her son , and this causes Carl to snap . He then grabs Ritchie in the hallway and they run home . Ritchie grabs his gun , and they steal his mother 's car , leaving town . However , Doberman sees them leave , and chases them . During the chase , Carl begs Ritchie to throw the gun out of the car , but he refuses . The car then gets flipped over , the two boys running in opposite directions . Ritchie points the gun at Doberman , who mistakes it for loaded , so Doberman shoots and kills Ritchie . Carl then runs away to his condo , but not before calling Johnny to confirm that Ritchie is really dead , and calling Cory to tell her to meet him . She brings a sleeping bag , and they spend the night together . After Cory leaves in the morning , Carl runs home to grab money , and along the way he sees Mark riding his dirt bike . He takes Mark 's B.B. gun , and shoots him in the shoulder , causing him to flip over his bike . Mark then sits down with Carl , talking about what they 're going to do about the parent situation . They then decide that their fight was stupid , and they make up . Then Carl goes home , and upon climbing into the house through an upstairs window , he sees his mother on the phone with his father about a big meeting at the school that night , to talk about the new trend of violence with the children . He then locks himself in his mother 's room , and gets on the phone , asking his parents if they wish he got shot , too . After leaving his home that night , Carl goes to The Rec , where , all of his friends are . They then make a plan to show the parents that they need to listen to them : lock them in the school 's auditorium , and wreck the school . Carl climbs onto the roof , entering the school through a sun window above a science classroom . The kids then take their bike chains and lock the gates surrounding the auditorium . The children decide that the only thing that will make them feel better is to trash the school , and all of the cars in the parking lot . However , when they find guns , all hell breaks loose . The kids run around shooting cars and lighting firecrackers in school - owned property , causing massive explosions and fiery mayhem . When Cory almost gets blown up by an explosion caused by Mark , and ca n't find Carl , Claude and Johnny agree to take her home , but not before Johnny gives a phone to Julia , who is sitting by a gate in the school . Julia calls the police , and as soon as they hear sirens , all of the kids split , some getting arrested . The police unlock the auditorium doors , and Doberman runs out to find Carl . He gets in a cop car , and drives down the road until he finds Carl . He handcuffs him to the backseat , and tells him that he will have to go to The Hill for a couple of weeks . However , Mark , who is waiting down the road with his B.B. gun , shoots the car , causing Doberman to run it off the road into The Rec . Doberman gets knocked out , and The Rec catches on fire . Carl grabs Doberman 's keys , and unlocks himself from the car . He runs away , and stops and turns around just in time to see The Rec blow up , killing Doberman . The final scene shows Carl in the morning , coming handcuffed out of the police station . Carl stops and hugs his parents , and is then escorted onto a bus by Lincoln , another police officer . He is sat at the back of the bus , and driven down the highway to The Hill . However , when they go under the overpass , they see Claude , Johnny , and Cory waving from above . Carl then turns around to face the front of the bus , quite content with the fact that his friends are safe , and that Cory still loves him .
Mohini negative Sameer ; Mohini positive he <$> Vishnu Prasad is an unappreciated nerd . His mother nags him and his father ignores him . He is in love with his neighbor Mohini , but she already has a boyfriend - Sameer . Vishnu sees Mohini in a cafe with Sameer . As Sameer goes to get drinks , Mohini 's eyes meet Vishnu 's . A shy and nervous Vishnu accidentally winks at Mohini . Which angers Sameer into hitting him . Vishnu bursts into tears . Sad and depressed from his life he goes to a beach where he finds a mysterious statue of some ancient God . Angry at God for the life He has given him , Vishnu asks the statue to make him disappear from the world as no one likes him . When he reaches home , he discovers that God took his wish literally and turned him invisible . Excited and happy Vishnu gets many opportunities to spy on Mohini and get her boyfriend in trouble . He realises that he can not wear any other clothes but the ones he was wearing on the day he received the boon because those were the only things that turned invisible with him . When Vishnu sees his father worried about his son 's whereabouts and also a nagging wife , he tells his father about his secret and calms him down . He plays the role of an invisible ghost to teach his mother a lesson . His mother gets scared thinking that the ghost is of her late Father - in - law and faints . Vishnu thinks that he needs money to impress Mohini . So he robs a bank and brings her all the cash but Mohnini gets horrified . Vishnu decides to reveal the truth and tells her everything . Mohini flies in a rage and tells Vishnu to leave her alone as she is in love with Sameer . Alone and heartbroken Vishnu gets drunk and wanders the streets . The media gets an incredible story after the bank robbery done by an " invisible force " and they try to find more information . The police department takes action and tries to hunt down the " invisibleman " . Sameer decides to leave town with Mohini before Vishnu comes back looking for them again . They however are unable to do so but they go into hiding and Vishnu demands that the police bring him Mohini or else he will wreck havoc throughout the city . He also shows a " trailer " of the complete " film " by comically disturbing the streets and a portion of the city . The police finds Mohini and pleads with her to help them find and kill Vishnu before he becomes an invisible murderer and a threat to the whole nation . Mohini agrees to help with the mission and as demanded by Vishnu , goes to an abandoned place to meet him . As Mohini diverts Vishnu 's attention by talking to him , the cops surround the place to capture him . Vishnu tells Mohini that he has been wrong all along and that he has always loved her . He tells her that he has realised that loving her does n't mean that he has control over her life . Mohini is struck by his words and realises that he is not a bad person . She decides to save his life and tells him to run away as the cops are already in the building . Vishnu runs for his life and dives into a river as the cops try to shoot him . After a couple of minutes Vishnu 's clothes are the only things to surface on the water , now completely visible . But his body is not found . Vishnu is presumed dead by the police and media . A few days later Sameer and Mohini find Vishnu again on the side of the same river in which he supposedly drowned . Vishnu apologises to them for whatever wrong he did and decides to lead a normal life . Vishnu is arrested and faces trial . Guilty of his acts he spends a short time in jail and is later released . Many months later , Vishnu is recognised by the nation as a hero and he has helped the police solve several cases whilst still leading an invisible but normal life .
Chobi positive She <$> The story occurs over the span of a year . On a rainy Spring day , She finds Chobi outside and brings him home with her . Chobi falls in love with his owner because of her kindness and beauty . During the summer Chobi gets a girlfriend , Mimi . Mimi loves Chobi and wants to marry him , but he refuses because he is in love with She . On an autumn day She has a long conversation over the phone . When it 's over She cries and becomes depressed . Chobi does not understand what the conversation was about or what happened but concludes that it was not her fault . He stands by her and comforts her . Time goes on and it becomes winter . She continues going to work and moves on with her life . In the end Chobi and She are happy with their life together and say in unison , " This world , I think we like it . " { { cite web } }
Bugsy positive Lansky ; Commission positive Luciano ; Bugsy positive Meyer <$> The movie circuits around flashbacks of Lansky 's life , the first showing is as Lansky as an old man looking for a rock to put on his grandfather 's grave in Jerusalem . Upon seeing soldiers of the Israeli Defense Force , Lansky expresses regret that his Grandfather never lived to see them . As he walks through a tunnel , he catches sight of an old man . He recalls how at the age of 10 years old , he witnessed an elderly Jew being bludgeoned to death with an axe during a pogrom . Later , as the shtetl is burning down , his parents hastily pack up their valuables and prepare to flee to America . Lansky 's Grandfather watches sceptically . Meanwhile , his father suggests , " You think I should fight ? You stay , and you fight . " The film then changes to the Lower East Side , Manhattan . After his mother gives him money to go buy challah for Shabbat , Lansky comes upon a game of craps on the street corner . Later , Lansky returns home penniless and deeply ashamed . Later , Benjamin Siegel and Lansky are eyeing the Irish - American boy who operates the craps game , Lansky makes his bet as he 's throwing the dice the owner 's friend slides him some dice . Certain that the game is rigged , Lansky shouts that he won the bet . The Irish boy pushes at the young Lansky , Lansky pushes him back then the teenager 's friend slides out his knife and cuts Lansky 's arm , Benjamin Seigel come into the scene and hits the knife kid with a brick shouting at him telling him to give him the money . As Lansky and Benjamin are walking down the docks they see the Irish kid who bet against them in the alley the Irish kid is shouting Irish word about him being Jewish , Lansky jumps into the sea where the Irish kid is hanging about , Lansky then goes under water and slits the Irish kid 's neck . As the blood is sliding around the water is goes back to Lansky as an old man drinking wine with the Jewish man . The Jewish man goes of to pray in the synagogue . The film goes on showing Lansky owning the crap games as a kid Lansky goes of into an alley to count his money this is where he meets Charles Lucky Luciano when Charles was telling him to give protection money the gang start to give Lansky a beating . Lansky is saying " Nothing For Nothing " Luciano takes a liking to Lansky 's guts , they the work together selling illegal booze , Bugsy , Luciano and Lansky are making their way driving the truck with booze in . They are ambushed by Arnold Rothstein 's associates . Luciano and Lansky make a deal saying they will give them 1 truck full of booze and no one will be shot at , when Lansky , Bugsy and Luciano get into the truck we find out the truck was full of empty suitcases . Impressed , Rothstein invites them to his house for a sit - down . He offers Bugsy and Lansky a job to work for him as he knows Lansky is smart . After Rothstein is taken out Meyer and Bugsy work with Luciano to take over the crime world killing the Italian bosses Joe Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano . Luciano then sets up the Commission and the 5 Italian families can now work freely with Jews . Meyer builds his prestige by running all the casinos in Cuba and helping Bugsy get a start in Las Vegas . After Bugsy spends more money than the plan and his girlfriend is questioned in taking money , Meyer buys his childhood friend time to turn the venture around . A month after warning Siegel the Flamingo is not earning money and Lansky can no longer prevent the Commission from taking out Siegel . Years later Lansky is on the run in Israel to avoid tax evasion charges but is extradited back to the U.S . He is lucky to get off on the charges and retires to Miami . At the climax of the film , Lansky gives an interview to a French journalist . When the journalist asks him what he would do if he could live his life over , Lansky responds , " I would n't change a thing . "
Ventura negative Podacter ; Ventura negative Einhorn ; Podacter negative Dolphins ; Finkle negative Dolphins ; Finkle neutral Einhorn ; Marino negative Finkle ; Marino positive Dolphins ; Marino positive Ventura <$> Ace Ventura is a private investigator living in Miami , Florida , who specializes in retrieval of tame or captive animals . Despite the success of his methods , he does not often receive many assignments and therefore can not pay rent or repair his battered 1970s Chevrolet Monte Carlo ; whereas his eccentricities make him the laughingstock of the Miami - Dade Police Department . At Joe Robbie Stadium , Snowflake , a bottlenose dolphin mascot of the Miami Dolphins , is kidnapped two weeks before the team is due to play in the imminent Super Bowl . Dolphins owner Mr. Riddle , believing the team will fear to lose the Super Bowl unless Snowflake is returned , orders his head of operations , Roger Podacter ( [ [ Troy Evans , and chief publicist Melissa Robinson to find Snowflake . Ventura is hired to solve the case and discovers his first clue in the form of a rare triangular - cut orange amber stone , which he speculates to have fallen from a 1984 AFC Championship ring . Ventura then tries to find his culprit by tricking each member of the championship squad into showing their rings ; the attempt fails . Later , Podacter mysteriously falls to his death from his apartment , which Robinson and Ventura go to investigate . Although Miami Police Lt. Lois Einhorn insists it was suicide , Ventura proves it was murder , embarrassing her . While trying to find how Podacter 's death is connected to Snowflake 's disappearance , Ace learns of a former Dolphins kicker named Ray Finkle , whom he missed during his earlier investigation . Finkle had missed the potentially game - winning field goal kick at the end of Super Bowl XVII , causing the Dolphins to lose the game and his own career to fail , also upon learning that the team gave Snowflake his number and taught him how to kick a field goal , to which Finkle found as an insult . Having discovered Finkle 's obsession with fellow - player Dan Marino , whom the kicker blames for his loss , Ventura is sure Finkle is the culprit , but can not find him . Ace and Melissa go to a mental hospital where Finkle was last seen ; where under the guise of a mental patient , Ace searches Finkle 's belongings and discovers a newspaper article about a missing woman , coincidentally named Lois Einhorn . Studying this , Ventura realizes to his disgust that Lt. Lois Einhorn is Finkle in disguise . Ventura then follows Finkle to an abandoned dock , where he finds a kidnapped Marino and Snowflake . When the police arrive , Finkle orders the cops to shoot Ace ; whereupon Ace tries to expose Finkle by ripping off her clothes , but fails until assisted by Marino , to which also concludes , with the evidence of a love letter , Finkle murdered Podacter because he learned who Einhorn was . Marino and Snowflake return in time for the Super Bowl XXVII between the Miami Dolphins and Philadelphia Eagles . At halftime , Ventura attempts to capture an albino pigeon that was the subject of another case he is handling , but is prevented by Swoop , the Eagles ' mascot . Enraged , Ventura beats the mascot , while being thanked on the JumboTron for saving Marino and Snowflake .
Billy negative Barksdale ; Barksdale positive Lee <$> Set in 1953 , the film explores the budding relationship between Billy Joe McAllister and Bobbie Lee Hartley , despite resistance from Hartley 's family , who contend she is too young to date . One night at a jamboree , McAllister gets drunk and seems nauseous and confused when entering a makeshift whorehouse behind the gathering . It turns out that in his inebriated state , he had sex with another man , later revealed to be his sawmill boss , Dewey Barksdale . After disappearing for days , he returns to bid an enigmatic goodbye to Bobbie Lee . Overcome with guilt , Billy Joe subsequently kills himself by jumping off the bridge spanning the Tallahatchie River . In the film 's final scene , Bobbie Lee meets Dewey on the bridge as she is leaving town , and he guiltily confesses to her that he was the man . She tells Barksdale , who is on his way to her house to confess to her father , that the town already suspects that she is carrying Billy Joe 's baby and that it would do no good for Barksdale to confess now . Agreeing with the girl 's logic , Barksdale offers Bobbie Lee a ride to the bus station , which she courteously accepts .
Emma positive Lizzie ; Alex positive Lizzie ; Emma positive Gail <$> Lizzie and Alex Brooks are a fairy tale young couple , wildly in love and the parents of a little girl named Emma . Without warning , Lizzie suffers a stroke at the age of twenty - four . Alex is informed by the hospital doctors that Lizzie has slipped into a deep coma and there is nothing to do but wait to see if she comes out of it . Determined to keep his vow to love Lizzie in sickness and in health , Alex decides to bring her home to care for her . Gail , Lizzie 's best friend , helps and consoles Alex . However , Gail 's help extends further when she aids in raising Emma as well . When Gail 's husband is killed in a car crash , Alex , Gail and Emma form a practical family unit of their own . Twenty years after her stroke , Lizzie wakes up . Miraculously , she is pronounced perfectly healthy and begins to try to assimilate back into a world that has radically changed . Emma , who is about to be married , is thrilled to have her mother back , as are Alex and Gail . But , Lizzie 's presence is also confusing for all of them as she attempts to move back into the place she rightfully occupies in their lives .
Fara positive Diogaye <$> Mossane is a beautiful 14 year old girl from a rural Serer village , beloved by many including her own brother and Fara , a poor university student . Although she has long been promised in marriage to the wealthy Diogaye , Mossane defies her parents ' wishes and falls in love with Fara . On her wedding day , she refuses to marry Diogaye and tragedy ensues . { { Cite web } } { { Cite book } }
her positive Antoine <$> The film narrates the experience of Juliette , an 18 - year old orphan with a high level of sexual energy . She makes no effort to restrain her natural sensuality - lying nude in her yard , habitually kicking her shoes off and walking around barefoot , and disregarding many societal restraints and the opinions of others . These factors cause a stir and attract the attentions of most of the men around her . Her first suitor is the much older and wealthy Eric Carradine . He wants to build a new casino in town , but his plans are blocked by a small shipyard on the stretch of land which he needs for the development ; the shipyard is owned by the Tardieu family . Antoine , the eldest Tardieu son , returns home for the weekend to discuss the situation and Juliette is waiting for him to take her away with him . His intentions are short - term , and he spurns her by leaving town without her . Tiring of her antics , Juliette 's guardians threaten to send her back to the orphanage . To keep her in town , Carradine pleads with Antoine to marry her , which he laughs off , but his naive younger brother Michel , secretly in love with Juliette , rises to the challenge and proposes . Despite being in love with his older brother , she accepts . When Antoine is contracted to return home for good , the trouble starts for the newlyweds , and all the men in her life come to realize what she means to them .
Priscilla negative Eddy ; Richard negative Eddy ; Richard negative Kay ; Richard negative Priscilla <$> Composer Richard Parker and his wife Priscilla live an ordinary suburban life until they meet their new neighbors Eddy and Kay Otis . The two couples became friends . Kay 's talent for blues singing gets Richard 's attention , and Eddy is attracted to Priscilla . It becomes clear that Eddy is an scam artist -- he fakes a neck injury after an auto accident for the insurance proceeds , the majority of which he offers to the Parkers as a gift . Eddy chastises Richard for not living dangerously , and suggests they swap mates for an evening . The plot takes a nasty turn when Richard does sleep with Kay and Kay turns up bludgeoned to death with a baseball bat the next morning . Later it is revealed that Eddy spent the night elsewhere , to establish an airtight alibi . Richard 's fingerprints are on the bat and his semen is found in her body , so he is charged with the crime . Insult is added to injury as Priscilla disowns and divorces Richard due to his infidelity . Eddy soon becomes Priscilla 's lover and a substitute father to Richard 's child . A distraught Richard finally finds a ray of hope when he discovers that Kay is alive , recognizing her voice singing in a radio talent show . With the help of a private investigator hired by the insurance company from which Eddy is attempting to collect a $ 1.5 million indemnity claim , Richard tracks her down and learns the truth of how he was betrayed . Kay is guilt - ridden over her part in it , but terrified at Eddy 's threat to implicate her if she testifies . Eddy , anticipating what Richard intends to do next , murders Kay and slips away . Implicated in a second murder , Richard must now flee the scene as police sirens approach . Priscilla discovers a forgotten plane ticket Eddy used on the night of the second murder . Now realizing Eddy 's guilt , she worries over what to do about it . Richard performs a commando - style raid on Eddy 's house , but Eddy , anticipating this move as well , reveals to Priscilla his plan to murder her and shoot Richard as a homicidal intruder . Working together , Richard and Priscilla eventually kill Eddy , using the original murder weapon , the baseball bat . Richard and Priscilla are later seen moving into a very secluded house with no neighbors visible for miles .
Winn neutral Claire ; Venza negative Claire ; Claire positive Keegan ; Ellie neutral Keegan <$> Socialite Claire Gregory attends a party and art show sponsored by one of her oldest friends , Winn Hockings . Accompanying her is her straitlaced boyfriend named Neil Steinhart . In another part of town , there is a party for newly appointed detective Mike Keegan . Winn makes a little fun of Neil and Claire defends him . Winn then asks Claire to meet him in the basement for a special preview . Meanwhile , the friend is accosted by a former partner called Joey Venza . He is angry because Winn had not come to him to borrow money for his new art studio . After a short argument , he stabs Winn to death . Claire witnesses the killing as she steps out of the elevator ; she screams and is spotted by Venza . He pursues her , but she manages to get back into the elevator just in time . The police are called in and the new detective Keegan is there . He immediately falls for Claire . Along with fellow cops , he is assigned to protect Claire until she can make a positive ID of Venza and testify in court . Keegan is determined to protect Claire and goes to extremes to do so . Venza makes numerous threats and attempts on her life , nearly succeeding at one point . Keegan and his wife Ellie separate over his involvement in the case . He and Claire acknowledge their love but Keegan can not bring himself to simply abandon his family . At the end , Venza , who draws out Keegan by taking his family hostage , is shot by Ellie and killed . Claire breaks up with her staid boyfriend and intends to go to Europe to get over Keegan , who returns to his wife and son .
Radhika negative Ajith <$> The film is about a quasi-mother-son relationship between Radhika and Ajith . Ajith is a patient suffering from Cancer and Radhika is a nurse in the hospital where Ajith is being treated . Since Ajith 's age is same as her child , which was still born and died and she is childless , Radhika showers maternal affection on Ajith , which Radhika 's husband mistakes as something else because of a villain doctor who is a rouge . Confusion ensues and Radhika misunderstands Ajith and the climax is how all confusions are laid to rest , along with the hero !
Borden neutral he ; Martha positive Mary ; Mary negative he ; Martha positive Borden <$> Wealthy industrialist Alfred Borden has problems both at work and at home . His employees at Amalgamated Pump are making demands that may drive the business he has built up from nothing into bankruptcy , and his son Tim has lost a major customer through neglect . On his birthday , Borden 's secretary gives him a loud tie as a gift , but when he goes home to his Fifth Avenue mansion , he finds nobody there but the servants . His unfaithful wife Martha , his daughter Katherine , and Tim have all forgotten or do not care . Feeling lonely , he goes to Central Park , where he meets Mary Grey , a young , out - of - work woman . Seeing that she has only a meager meal to last the day , he invites her to dine with him at a fancy nightclub . They get drunk , start dancing , and are spotted by Martha and her boyfriend . The next morning , he awakes with a hangover and a black eye , to discover that he had apparently invited Mary to spend the night in a guest room . Seeing the reaction this elicits from his formerly indifferent family , he concocts a scheme : he hires Mary to pretend to be his mistress . He neglects his company , forcing his son to take up the slack . Tim comes up with fresh new ideas to save the firm . Meanwhile , Borden and Mary go out every night , supposedly partying to all hours , though they are actually just driven around by the ardently Communist chauffeur Mike ( [ [ James Ellison . Embarrassed by the resulting newspaper gossip column items and shunned by her friends , Martha first calls family psychiatrist Dr. Kessler , but he finds nothing wrong with her now - cheerful and carefree husband . She starts staying home , plotting ways to drive Mary out . She has Tim try to buy her off , but that fails . Tim makes no effort to hide his contempt for the interloper , but eventually , he falls in love with her . Meanwhile , Mary tries to help Katherine , who is in love with an unnoticing Mike . Finally , Mary can no longer continue with the charade and tearfully confesses the truth . Katharine shows up and announces she has married Mike , who has decided to quit and open a repair shop . At first , Martha is aghast , but then Borden reminds her that they started their own marriage in about the same way , and she grudgingly accepts her new son - in - law . Borden then retreats to his bedroom , but Martha invites him into hers . Mary leaves , but Tim finds her , picks her up , and carries her back into the mansion . When a policeman tries to interfere , Mary tells him to mind his own business .
Banu neutral Saravanaperumal ; Bharani negative Nassar ; Bharani positive Saravanan <$> The story is centred on Bharani . This loud , angry young man , who does n’t mind letting his fist fly furiously , is totally in awe of his uncle Saravanaperumal . Vishal and his mother live with Saravanaperumal and his mother . It is a family that is typical of most Tamil movies . The villagers just venerate this big family . Pitted against them is the other big one — PVS family . And then there is Banu , daughter of Nadia and Saravanaperumal . Banu falls in love with Bharani whereas Bharani insults using press , unknowingly . As a revenge for Bharani insulting Banu , Nassar orders Saravanaperumal killed . But Saravanaprumal escapes with a minor cut on the back . Angered , Bharani tries to cut Nassar 's hand in a fight . Nassar 's youngest brother comes to make a truce and loses his right hand . Bharani comes to know that he has rights to marry Banu as we are told in a fight that Sakunthala is the estranged wife of Saravanan . The two had parted ways over Saravanan ’s extreme fondness for his sister and Bharani . The story later is told that they had broken up because of Saravanan 's sister 's husband who has died , hence she stays with them . Sakunthala did not like this so they were separated . It all builds towards a heightened climax as the two young lovers try to hammer out peace between the two families . Sakunthala 's brother tries to envelope her with a bad guy , the villain and here there is a twist .
Nancy negative Bosworth ; Nora neutral Tim ; Nancy positive FBI ; Wally negative FBI <$> In Utah , Nancy Breyers is a defense lawyer who is inexplicably in love with client Michael Bosworth , a sociopathic convict . During a break from a courtroom hearing , Nancy sneaks a gun to Bosworth . After Bosworth snaps a guard 's neck , Bosworth and Nancy slip away . Bosworth tears at Nancy 's clothing and leaves her behind , where she will tell authorities Bosworth held her at gunpoint during his escape . He speeds off in a car with his brother Wally , and their partner , the hulking , half - witted Albert ( [ [ David Morse , then changes cars with one Nancy has left for him in a remote location . Needing a hideout until Nancy can catch up with them , the three settle on the home of decorated Vietnam veteran Tim Cornell and Nora Cornell , who have two kids -- 15 - year - old May and her 8 - year - old brother Zack . Their house with the " For Sale " sign is picked by Bosworth at random . Tim and Nora are separated due to his infidelity with a younger woman . But when he shows up trying to reconcile with Nora , with whom he is still in love , the two of them find themselves the prisoners of the Bosworth brothers and Albert . Nancy 's innocent act does not fool FBI agent Brenda Chandler , who puts surveillance on her every move . Nancy eventually cuts a deal with Chandler to have charges against her reduced by betraying Bosworth . A friend of the Cornells visits the house by chance , so Bosworth shoots him . An anxiety - ridden Albert decides to go off on his own , and is killed by FBI agents on a river bank . The house is surrounded that night , and Wally is killed in a barrage of FBI bullets . Bosworth holds a gun on Nora and is prepared to use it if Tim interferes . He is unaware that Tim has removed the bullets . Tim drags the criminal outside , where Bosworth ignores the FBI 's order to surrender , and is fatally shot .
Nejat positive he ; her negative Lotte ; Lotte positive Ayten ; her negative Ayten ; her positive Nejat <$> ; Yeter 's Death Retired widower Ali Aksu , a Turkish immigrant living in the German city of Bremen , believes he has found a solution to his loneliness when he meets a Turkish prostitute , Yeter Öztürk . He offers her a monthly payment to stop working as a prostitute and move in with him . After receiving threats from two Turkish Muslims , she decides to accept his offer . Ali 's son Nejat , a professor of German literature , does not have time to respond to the prospect of living with a woman of " easy virtue " before Ali is stricken with a heart attack . He softens to her : he learns that she sends shoes to Turkey for her 27 - year - old daughter and wishes that her daughter receive an education like his . Back home from the hospital , Ali suspects that the other two may have become lovers . When his drunken demands of Yeter make her threaten to leave , he strikes her and she dies from the blow . Ali is sent to prison . Nejat travels to Istanbul to search for Yeter 's daughter , Ayten , and assume responsibility for her education . Unable to locate her through her family , he posts flyers of Yeter throughout the area in the hopes that it will lead to the daughter . When he posts a flyer in a small German language bookstore that happens to be for sale , he finds himself charmed into buying it . ; Lotte 's Death A plainclothes officer loses his gun on the street during a riot . A hooded figure scoops it up and is pursued on foot by a battalion of uniformed officers , barely managing to hide the contraband on a random rooftop . This is Ayten , a member of a Turkish Communist resistance group . When her cell is raided , she flees Turkey and takes up a new identity with political allies in Bremen , Germany . However , even there , she has a falling out when she is unable to pay her debts , and thus finds herself on the street with barely a euro to her name . Her mother 's number is lost , so she lives illegally and searches for her in local shoe shops . Lotte , a university student , offers to help her with food , clothes , and a place to stay — a gesture which is not particularly welcomed by her mother , Susanne . Ayten and Lotte become lovers and Lotte decides to help Ayten search for her mother . The quest is cut short when a traffic stop exposes Ayten 's illegal status and she attempts a claim of political asylum . Despite Susanne 's financial support , Germany rules that Ayten has no legitimate fear of political persecution . She 's deported and immediately imprisoned . Lotte is devastated . She travels to Turkey to try to free Ayten , but quickly realizes how little hope there is , as she is facing 15 to 20 years in jail . Susanne pleads with her to think of her future and return home . When Lotte refuses , her mother refuses to assist her further . Lotte gravitates to Nejat 's bookstore and ends up renting a spare room from him . Finally granted a prison visit with Ayten , Lotte follows her imprisoned lover 's request and retrieves the handgun Ayten grabbed in the riot . But Lotte 's bag , with the gun inside , is snatched by a crew of boys that she then chases through their neighborhood . When finally she finds them in a vacant lot , one of them is inspecting the gun . She demands he return it , but he points it at her and fires , killing her instantly . ; The Edge of Heaven Upon his release , Ali is deported to Turkey , returning to his property in Trabzon on the Black Sea coast . After her daughter 's death , Susanne goes to Istanbul to see where her daughter had been living the past few months . She meets Nejat and reads her daughter 's diary ; she decides to take on her daughter 's mission of freeing Ayten from prison . Susanne 's visit to Ayten — an offer of forgiveness and support — leads the younger woman to exercise her right of repentance . As a result , she wins her freedom . Susanne asks Nejat about the story behind a Bayram they notice , learning that it commemorates Ibrahim 's sacrifice of his son Ishmael . She comments that there is the same story in the Bible , where Abraham is asked to sacrifice his son Isaac . Nejat reminisces about being scared by the story as a child and asking his father if he would sacrifice him if God told him to . When asked by Susanne what his father 's answer was , Nejat tells her that his father said " He would make God his enemy in order to protect me " . Nejat removes the poster of Yeter from the shop 's noticeboard . He asks Susanne to look after his shop while he is gone , and drives to Trabzon where his father is living . Susanne offers Ayten a place to stay with her at Nejat 's house . When Nejat arrives in Trabzon , his father is out fishing , so he waits for him on the beach .
his negative Gord ; Gord negative Jim <$> 28 - year - old slacker / cartoonist named Gordon " Gord " Brody is pursuing his ambition to obtain a contract for a TV show . He heads off for Hollywood , and subsequently gets a job in a cheese sandwich factory . He also goes to an animation studio looking for Mr. Davidson . He is told that he 's out to lunch . Gord lies that he 's a cop and that Mr. Davidson 's wife died . He gets the name of the restaurant and quickly heads there to pitch his idea . After being told that his ideas are stupid and make no sense , he decides to move back home and rethink his future . When Gord 's father , Jim , questions Gord 's life goals , and then proceeds in a fit of rage to destroy Gord 's half - pipe , which Gord has spent a whole year building , he subsequently gets even by having his father arrested on falsified charges of sexual molestation , destroying his parents ' relationship and his family 's reputation in the process . Gord 's mother , Julie , ends up dating Shaq . Gord and Jim end up sewing soccer balls in Kuwait after Gord finally gets a TV contract , based upon his family . The event that convinces Mr. Davidson to give Gord the contract is when Gord 's Dad comes into the office during the interview acting psycho . Throughout the film , vignettes depict Gord 's day - to - day activities , such as his sadomasochistic relationship with a paralyzed woman named Betty , and Gord 's younger brother , Freddy 's , attempts to " go straight " by going to work at a bank . However , he is later sent to a home for sexually - molested children wearing a shirt that says " No More Secrets . "
Vic positive Mickey ; Vic neutral Falco ; Vic negative London ; Mickey positive Falco ; Vic positive Grace <$> The story takes place in a mysterious underworld of swanky nightclubs where armed criminals listen to Rat Pack music and hold shootouts from a seated position , behind desks . Mickey Holiday is the top enforcer for Vic , the mob boss . Vic is about to be released from a psychiatric facility , or , as his adversary Jake Parker puts it , " the loony bin . " In his absence , Ben London has been running Vic 's nightclub while Mickey has been romancing both Rita and Grace Everly , which is doubly dangerous inasmuch as they are sisters and Grace was previously Vic 's girl . Parker recruits a number of hired guns in an attempt to seize power . Mickey kills the first to challenge him , Lee Turner . The next one brought in by Parker , identified as Nicholas Falco and supposedly the fastest draw of all , murders Mickey 's close friend , Jules Flamingo , who is unarmed . A showdown is arranged and Mickey ends up eliminating both Parker and the apparently overrated Falco . Vic returns to resume his reign as mob boss . He brings with him a new enforcer , the " real " Nicholas Falco , the previous one having been an impostor . " Brass Balls " Ben London promptly challenges Vic for control of the organization and is shot dead . Falco proceeds to gun down the remaining opposition , including " Wacky " Jackie Jackson , and is eager to shoot it out with Mickey Holiday once and for all . Mickey attempts to repair his relationship with Rita , who is furious that he has been seeing her sister on the side . Mickey finally confesses to Grace that he has been seeing her in the daytime and Rita at night . She also has been unaware that Vic is back in town . At a final confrontation held in a private office , Grace reveals that she is pregnant with Vic 's child . Forced to choose between Holiday and Falco before they shoot it out , Vic sides with his old friend and Grace kills Falco . He and Mickey end up living happily ever after with the Everly sisters .
Brüno negative Paul ; Brüno negative Lutz <$> Gay Austrian fashion reporter Brüno is fired from his own television show , Funkyzeit mit Brüno after disrupting a Milan Fashion week catwalk , and his lover Diesel leaves him for another man . Accompanied by his assistant 's assistant , Lutz , he travels to the United States to become " the biggest Austrian superstar since Hitler " . Brüno unsuccessfully attempts an acting career as an extra on NBC 's Medium . He then interviews Paula Abdul , using " Mexican chair - people " in place of furniture . He then produces a celebrity interview pilot , showing him dancing erotically , criticizing Jamie - Lynn Spears ' fetus with reality TV star Brittny Gastineau , unsuccessfully attempting to “ interview " actor Harrison Ford , and closing with a close - up of his penis being swung around by pelvic gyrations . A focus group reviewing the pilot hate it , calling it " worse than cancer " . Brüno then decides to make a sex tape , so he interviews Ron Paul , claiming to have mistaken him for drag queen RuPaul . While waiting in a hotel room with Paul , Brüno flirts with him before undressing , causing Paul to leave angrily and call him " queer as blazes " . Brüno consults a spiritualist to contact the deceased Rob Pilatus of Milli Vanilli for advice , miming various sex acts on the invisible " Pilatus " . He consults charity PR consultants Nicole and Suzanne DeFosset to select a world problem to maximize his fame , choosing the Israeli - Palestinian conflict . He flies to Jerusalem to interview former Mossad agent Yossi Alpher and Palestinian politician Ghassan Khatib and confuses hummus and Hamas . In an interview with Israeli and Palestinian professors he sings his own " Dove of Peace " while forcing the two to caress each others hands . He also meets with Ayman Abu Aita , a " terrorist group leader , Al - Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades " in a location described as a Palestinian refugee camp in Lebanon , where he hopes to be kidnapped.The actual location , according to Abu Aita , was a private section of a popular restaurant at the [ http://www.palestinehotels.ps/hotel.php?hidhttp://www.co.madison.al.us/courts/courts/release.shtml | titleCo.madison.al.us | date2011 -02-09 } } after being arrested . Lutz says he loves Brüno but Brüno tells him he does not love him , having been influenced by " carb goggles " . Lutz leaves Brüno . After realizing the biggest names in Hollywood are straight , Brüno consults two Christian gay converters to help him become heterosexual . He attempts activities , such as joining the National Guard , going hunting in Alabama , learning karate and attending a swingers party at which he is whipped by a dominatrix . These attempts end miserably due to Brüno 's failure to keep his gay traits hidden , but he vows to become straight . Eight months later , a now - heterosexual Brüno , under the alias " Straight Dave " , hosts a cage - fight match in Arkansas , " Straight Dave 's Man Slammin ' Maxout " . Lutz appears at the event and calls Brüno a faggot . The two fight , only to rekindle their love , making out and stripping in front of the shocked spectators who throw objects into the cage . The clip gets international press and the now - famous Brüno attempts to marry Lutz and gets O.J. back in exchange for a MacBook Pro . Brüno records a charity song , " Dove of Peace " , featuring Bono , Elton John , Chris Martin , Snoop Dogg , Sting and Slash at Abbey Road Studios .
Guyver negative Segawa <$> CIA agent Max Reed witnesses Dr. Tetsu Segawa — a researcher for the mysterious Kronos Corporation — being murdered . Dr. Segawa had stolen an alien device known as “ the Guyver ” from Kronos.College student Sean Barker , whose girlfriend ’s father was Dr. Segawa , finds the Guyver ’s hiding spot while watching the forensic team investigating the crime scene . Through further events , the Guyver fuses with Sean and causes him to be covered in a suit of bio-armor . The president of Kronos , Fulton Balcus ( [ [ David Gale , wants the Guyver back and sends his mutant henchmen , the Zoanoids , led by Lisker , to steal it back .
Joseph neutral Ahmad ; Teri positive Miles ; Lem negative Teri ; Maxine negative Ahmad ; Maxine negative Pete <$> Soul Food is told through the eyes of 11 - year - old Ahmad , follows the trials of the Joseph family , a close - knit Chicago family that gets together to have Sunday dinner every week , with plenty of soul food to go around . As Mother Joe has three daughters , who each have had varying success in life : oldest daughter Teri has become a successful lawyer but has also suffered relationship problems ever since her younger sister Maxine stole and married Teri 's old boyfriend , Kenny . Teri 's current husband , Miles , also a lawyer , desires to follow his dreams of being an R&B musician , which Teri does n't seem to support . Youngest Joseph daughter Robin — nicknamed " Bird " — has just opened a barbershop / beauty parlor , and most of the family is uneasy about her marriage to Lem , an ex-convict . These problems are complicated when Mother Joe , the diabetic but wise and caring matriarch of the family and the glue that holds it together , suffers a debilitating stroke during an operation to amputate her leg and slips into a coma . Without her guidance , the family begins to fall apart . Teri takes in her troubled cousin Faith , who grows close to , and eventually gets caught having sex with Miles by Teri . As an ex-con , Lem can not find a job , so Bird makes an uneasy deal with her ex-boyfriend Simuel St. James to get Lem a job , but this leads to a series of events that eventually cause him to be arrested again . By contrast , Kenny and Maxine are reasonably stable , and have their third child at the beginning of the film ; however , Teri and Maxine 's constant feuding — stemmed mainly from Teri 's jealousy of Maxine 's successful relationship with Kenny and her frustration over everyone seemingly taking advantage of her wealth , as well as Maxine 's resentfulness of Teri 's bossiness and insensitivity to family tradition — are the main factors in what starts to drive the family apart . Ahmad , Kenny and Maxine 's oldest child , is worried about the state of his extended family , and conspires to find a way to bring them all back together . Ahmad tells everyone about a stash of money that Big Mama had hidden away some time ago though everyone believes that this is simply a myth , however , Ahmad manages to get everyone together for Sunday dinner . Things go a bit uneasy at first but everyone is upset that there was no money at all ; Maxine chastises her son for lying about the money but Ahmad says tearfully that it was the only way to get everyone back together again . As Maxine is comforting her son , the kitchen accidentally catches on fire , they all work together to try and to put it out ; when they put the fire out , Uncle Pete , Big Mama 's brother , comes down with his television and drops it to reveal the money that Big Mama had hidden away . Things start to go well for the family , despite Miles and Teri 's divorce , he still comes by for Sunday dinner , Lem and Bird are expecting their first child , Faith is finally becoming part of the family again and Uncle Pete who never came out of his room , starts to join the family .
Mukundan negative Krishnendu ; Rahul positive Shreya ; Mukundan negative Diana <$> Mukundan Menon runs a magazine called Kerala Today . He is a normal husband who loves his wife Krishnendu a lot , but she is too possessive about him . She thinks he is not very expressive about his feelings , and is always worried that he might one day fall for some other beautiful girl . Rahul is just the opposite . He is extremely romantic and never comes home without some cute gifts for his wife , Shreya . But she does n't know that , behind her back , her darling husband is dying to flirt with every woman that he sees . John Mathai is a photographer in Mukundan 's publication . He was neither interested in girls nor keen to get married until he met Sereena . It is into the lives of these three couples that a bar singer , Diana , arrives and things take some interesting turns . Diana is seeking to take revenge on Mukundan Menon since it was on his article in Kerala Today that the Maharashtra court took as a petition and then banned the bar girls in Maharasthra thus ruining Diana 's profession . Diana forcibly comes to Mukundan Menon 's house one day with her evil intentions and that catches the eyes of Krishnendu . To escape from trouble , Mukundan Menon says that she is the wife of John . Later , when John , Mukundan and Rahul were talking about John 's marriage proposal to Serena 's dad , Diana comes there by accident and there Rahul says that she is Mukundan 's wife and she is mentally imbalanced . So now Krishnendu and Shreya thinks Diana is John 's wife and John 's real wife Sreneena believes that Diana is Mukundan 's wife . At one time , all these people come together at Malaysia for a vacation and that leads to a lot of confusion among the wives and others . What happens next forms the rest of the story .
her positive Raju ; Anand neutral Maya <$> Before giving birth to her child , Ratna loses her husband , and eventually gives birth to a son , Raju . Four years later , Dr. Anand , who treated her while she was giving birth to Raju re-enters her life and soon becomes a frequent visitor , much to the displeasure of Ratna 's mother - in - law and her husband 's sister Bela , both of whom start maltreating her and making her life miserable . Anand stops visiting thereafter . Anand soon marries a nurse called Maya Verma . Maya is a squanderer , and her relationship with Anand falters . Moreover , he later finds out that she can not conceive . When Anand 's dad passes away , he leaves considerable wealth to Anand 's child , including a fair monthly allowance . Maya plots with an advocate , S. Prakash , who happens to be Bela 's husband , to fabricate a story that Anand 's father was mentally unbalanced while writing the testament . This plan fails , and along with her aunt , Nurse Sarla Verma , make a false statement claiming that Ratna 's son is actually Anand 's biological son , leading to their lawyer filing a custodial case in court . What will happen next ?
Alex positive Jess <$> A domestic terrorist group make an unsuccessful attempt on the life of US President Jonathan Hayes and the group 's leader , Michael Smith ( [ [ David Wheeler , is subsequently captured . Some members of the group manage to evade capture and continue with terrorist activities . Eight weeks later , believing the threat is past , the President organizes an outdoors activity trip for his teenage daughter , Jess , who has grown tired of the public life and constant Secret Service supervision . Jess , excited about the trip , is disappointed to learn a Secret Service agent she dislikes , Alex McGregor , will be accompanying her , despising her over a misunderstanding embrace between her father and Alex . Jess goes so far as to spread rumours about Alex during the trip , leaving an air of animosity between the two of them . Unbeknownst to the hikers , during their trip they are seen by members of the domestic terrorist group who have been hiding out in the same woods to evade capture . The terrorists initially believe they are witnessing a normal group of hikers , but soon notice bodyguards with guns . Eventually , one of the group recognises Jess , and identifies her as the daughter of President Hayes . They quickly form a plan to kidnap Jess in order to negotiate the release of Smith . They ambush the hikers , kill one of the bodyguards , and kidnap Jess . With the help of one of the river guides , Grant Coleman , Alex searches for Jess and attempts a daring rescue .
Bruno positive Shmuel ; Gretel negative Bruno ; Kotler positive Gretel ; Pavel neutral Bruno ; Kotler neutral Elsa ; Elsa positive Ralf ; Kotler negative Pavel <$> SS officer Ralf and his wife Elsa move from Berlin to the countryside with their children — 12 - year - old Gretel and 8 - year - old Bruno — after Ralf is promoted to commandant of a Nazi concentration camp , implied to be Auschwitz . Bruno is confined to the front grounds of their new home and craves companionship and adventure . He disobeys his parents by sneaking out and trekking through the woods to an isolated , unguarded corner of the camp , where he befriends Shmuel , a Jewish boy his own age . They meet in the same spot everyday . Bruno starts bringing Shmuel food and playing games with him through the barbed wire fence . Shmuel gradually reveals to Bruno the truth of what is behind the fence , telling him that he and his family have been imprisoned and forced to wear the " striped pyjamas " because they are Jews . On hearing this , Bruno remembers what he has been taught about Jewish people but realizes that Shmuel is not evil and continues their friendship . Bruno and Gretel get a tutor , Herr Liszt ( [ [ Jim Norton , who pushes an agenda of antisemitism and nationalist propaganda . Gretel becomes increasingly fanatical in her support for the Third Reich , covering her bedroom wall with Nazi propaganda posters , much to the confusion of Bruno . She flirts with SS Lieutenant Kurt Kotler , her father 's subordinate , as her budding sexuality becomes fixated on the ideal of the German soldier . Bruno remains skeptical of Nazi Propaganda , because all of the Jews Bruno knows , including the family 's servant Pavel , do not resemble Liszt 's teachings . One day , Kurt Kotler and Elsa are standing in the front yard when smoke floats up from the camp . Kurt does not realise that Elsa does n't know about the Jews being burnt , and says " They smell even worse when they burn , do n't they . " Ralf had been sworn to secrecy about the camp 's true aims and had n't told Elsa what was happening . Later , a blazing row between Elsa and Ralf occurs . It is insinuated that Elsa revealed who told her about the camp 's secret . Ralf interrogates Kotler about his father 's loyalty to the Nazis . This puts Kotler in a bad mood and when Pavel accidentally knocks over his glass while trying to fill it up , he drags him into another room and the sounds of the servant being severely beaten are heard . The following morning , the family ' maid is shown scrubbing bloodstains off the floor and Elsa appears as though she has been crying . Gradually , Ralf is convinced that the house is no place for a child to grow up and makes arrangements for Elsa and the children to leave the area for a " safer " place with relatives , while he remains to " finish his work " at the camp . The day before Bruno is due to leave , Shmuel reveals that his father has gone missing in the camp . It is implied that he was taken into a gas chamber . Seeing an ideal opportunity to redeem himself for wronging Shmuel previously , Bruno digs a hole beneath the fence , changes into prison clothing that Shmuel has stolen for him , and enters the camp to help Shmuel find his father . Bruno is horrified by what he sees : the dehumanization , starvation and sickness are the antithesis of the Theresienstadt-esque propaganda film that had shaped his prior impressions . While searching for Shmuel 's father , they are rounded up with others and marched to " the showers " , the gas chambers . At the house , Bruno 's absence is noticed . After Gretel and Elsa discover the open window Bruno went through and the remains of food Bruno was taking for Shmuel , Ralf and his guards mount a search to find him . They enter the camp , searching for Bruno . In the gas chambers , the inmates — including Bruno and Shmuel — are told to remove their clothes , amid speculation that it is only for a shower . While Bruno changes his clothes , he looks around and notices a man believed to be Pavel also in the gas chambers . The man sees him but then looks away . They are packed into the gas chambers , where Bruno and Shmuel take each other 's hands . A soldier pours some Zyklon B pellets into the chamber . The prisoners start yelling and banging on the metal door . Ralf , still with his guards , arrives at an empty dormitory , signalling to him that a gassing is taking place . Ralf cries out his son 's name and Elsa and Gretel fall to their knees . The film ends by showing the closed door of the now - silent gas chamber .
John positive Baker ; Vare neutral Baker <$> John Baker Jr . is a boy bored with his life at an upper middle class boarding school , and the prospect of his future running the family grocery store chain . He no longer sees the point in school , stating what 's the difference if he gets a zero attendance for being three minutes late or skipping the whole class so he might as well skip the class . Now close to graduating from boarding school , his life is turned upside down when he rescues Patty Vare , a young woman he finds lying unconscious in a field . Patty regains consciousness that evening in John 's dormitory . She stays awake long enough to tell him she will not go to a doctor , and then passes out and does not awaken until the next morning . Seemingly recovered completely and grateful for John 's assistance , the two begin a romantic voyage of self - discovery . This is not without its problems , as other boys in the dorm quickly find out she is being hidden in his room , leading up to a dramatic confrontation with Baker 's close friends where his ' best friend ' becomes enraged and punches a wall , breaking his hand , while the two continue to argue over the reason as to why Baker has hidden her in his room . Throughout the film , there are continuous flashbacks of Vare 's past , showing her with a famous baseball player with whom she steals a car , leading up to a drunken car crash and his death . By the end , Vare has admitted all this to Baker and informed the authorities of the location of the body and the car . At the police station both Baker and Vare begin to say goodbye when they unexpectedly jump into an elevator to escape from Baker 's controlling father ( [ [ Chris Cooper , and drive off with a car he had earlier stolen from the school .
Marina negative Jonathan ; Semyon positive Jonathan <$> In 1850 San Francisco , Russian Countess Marina Selanova flees from an arranged marriage to Prince Semyon . She books passage with the " Portuguese " to Sitka , where her uncle Governor Ivan Vorashilov can protect her . When the Portuguese 's bitter rival , Captain Jonathan Clark , frees his shanghaied crew , she sends a man to negotiate with him instead . However , Jonathan hates all Russians and turns down the offer . In desperation , Marina goes to the party he is throwing and , pretending to be the Countess 's companion , gets him to change his mind . As he shows her the sights of the city in one whirlwind night , they fall in love . Jonathan proposes marriage and she gladly accepts . However , Prince Semyon finds Marina and takes her to Sitka . Believing Marina has tricked him , Jonathan races the Portuguese to Alaska , recklessly wagering his ship on who gets there first . Jonathan wins , but that does n't stop the Portuguese from trying to steal his ship anyway . Unluckily , while both crews are brawling , a Russian gunboat appears and takes them all captive to Sitka . There , Prince Semyon forces Marina to agree to marry him in return for Jonathan 's freedom . Jonathan and his men double back , rescue Marina , and sail away .
his positive Vicky ; Priti positive his ; Priti positive Vicky ; his neutral Goverdhan <$> Damani and Goverdhan are bitter enemies but when they get word from their boss Trikal Annaa to stop the rivalry , they are forced to shake hands . They soon decide to get their children married to each other . Goverdhan tells his son Vicky to go to Surat to meet Damani 's daughter Priti . Whilst going to Surat , Vicky offers a lift to Raja but the car has an accident and falls into the river . Some people manage to rescue Raja but not Vicky . Using this as an advantage and knowing about Vicky 's purpose , he poses himself as Vicky and makes his way to Surat . He meets Priti and falls in love with her . At first when Priti meets Raja , she hates him but soon she falls in love with him . Goverdhan soon gets word that Vicky has met Priti and both have agreed to marry . Then to his shock , the real Vicky comes home and announces that he never made it to Surat and he did not meet Priti . Goverdhan makes his way to Surat to find out who is there posing as his son ...
O'Hanlan neutral Club ; John neutral Club ; John negative Jenny ; Harley negative John ; Jenny negative Bannister ; Harley negative Bannister <$> In 1867 , John O'Hanlan and Harley Sullivan are aging cowboys working on open cattle ranges in Texas . O'Hanlan gets a letter from an attorney in Cheyenne , Wyoming , that his disreputable and now deceased brother , DJ , left him something called The Cheyenne Social Club in his will . After they make the 1,000 mile trek to Cheyenne , O'Hanlan and Sullivan learn that The Cheyenne Social Club is a high - class brothel next to the railroad . O'Hanlan 's new - found status as a man of property makes him the most popular man in town , until he decides to turn the Club into a respectable boarding house . The ladies of the Club hunker down , and show no sign of leaving . John gets into a bar - room brawl with several men who are equally angry at the prospect of the Club closing . John then learns from DJ 's lawyer that DJ had made a deal with the railroad : if the ladies leave the Club , the land the Club is on will revert back to the railroad . John returns to the Club to discover that Jenny , the head girl , has been assaulted by a man named Corey Bannister . John , with Harley following along , arms himself and goes to the bar where Bannister is . John kills Bannister when Bannister mistakes Harley 's cracking pecans for a second gun . " Just like DJ would have done " the barkeeper intones of John 's heroics . The Sheriff advises John and Harley that Bannister 's relatives are sure to head for Cheyenne once they learn of Bannister 's death . He says he would like to stay and help John and Harley face down the Bannisters , but has to leave town on business . Harley heeds the Sheriff 's warning and leaves for Texas in spite of John 's pleads to stay . En route , Harley meets several men at a campfire . While engaging in conversation with the men , Harley discovers they are the Bannisters . He gets on his horse and rides on . The Bannisters show up at the Club and a gunfight ensues . John , with help from Jenny , kills two Bannisters from the window . A third Bannister enters the house through a back door and is killed by Jenny . Harley , who has returned , kills the fourth Bannister after climbing the railroad water tower . John yells , " Is that you Harley ? " The head Bannister hears this and remembers Harley as the man who approached them at the campfire . He shoots at Harley , but is gunned down by John . The sixth Bannister runs away . John and Harley are feted at the bar which had formerly shunned them . The Sheriff congratulates them and then tells them 20 to 30 of the Bannisters cousins , the Markstones , are heading to Cheyenne . He says he would like to stay and help John and Harley face the Markstones , but has to leave town again on business . This time , John decides to leave and he has DJ 's lawyer transfer ownership of the Club to Jenny . Months later , while working cattle on the range in Texas , John receives a letter from Jenny . He is touched by it , but tosses it into the fire before him . Harley is upset John has destroyed the letter because he wanted to read it . They then ride off together , arguing .
Ryan positive Nemerov ; Clark negative Cabot ; Clark negative Dressler ; Fowler negative Nemerov ; Ryan neutral Cabot ; Ryan negative Fowler ; Ryan negative Spinnaker ; Clark negative Olson ; Ryan positive Haft ; Grushkov neutral Cabot ; Ryan positive Muller ; Ryan positive Grushkov <$> During the 1973 Yom Kippur War , an Israeli A-4 Skyhawk carrying a nuclear weapon is shot down over the Syrian desert . The bomb , over time , is consumed by the sand and disappears . Twenty - nine years later , President J. Robert Fowler and his senior national security advisors , including Director of Central Intelligence William Cabot , are conducting a top - secret military simulation of a Russian nuclear attack against the United States . Meanwhile , the bomb is found in Syria by a couple of scrap dealers and unwittingly sold to an arms dealer named Olson for { { USD } } 400 , who in turn sells it to an Austrian neo-Nazi named Richard Dressler for { { USD } } 50 million . The United States becomes concerned when Alexander Nemerov becomes the new President of the Russian Federation . Cabot seeks the opinion of CIA analyst Jack Ryan , who has done extensive research on Nemerov 's life and career . During a routine inspection of Russia 's nuclear weapons facilities , Cabot and Ryan are invited to the Kremlin to meet with Nemerov personally . Tension arises when Nemerov protests U.S. involvement in Russian - Chechen affairs . Nonetheless , Nemerov and Ryan develop a rapport . During the inspection , Ryan notices that three Russian nuclear technicians are not present at the facility . Nemerov 's aide , Anatoli Grushkov ( [ [ Michael Byrne , claims that there is nothing amiss . Cabot 's covert informant in Moscow , " Spinnaker " , says that the whereabouts of the three scientists are truly unknown to the Russian government . Upon arrival in Washington , D.C. , Cabot sends operative John Clark to track down the missing scientists . Clark discovers them in Ukraine , constructing Dressler 's bomb . When President Nemerov takes responsibility for an unauthorized gas - warfare attack on Grozny , President Fowler becomes concerned with the volatility of Nemerov 's military policies and responds by sending NATO peacekeeping troops to Chechnya . Ryan correctly believes that Nemerov took responsibility for the act only to save face before political radicals in Russia , and loses credibility in the White House . Meanwhile , the nuclear bomb , disguised as a cigarette vending machine , arrives in a crate in Baltimore , Maryland , and is placed at a football stadium . In a recording , Dressler reveals his intentions in placing the bomb in Baltimore : frustrated and angered with the American and Russian paternalism over smaller European nations , Dressler has resolved to destroy both nations , much as Adolf Hitler desired to in World War II . Dressler notes , " Communism was a fool 's errand . The followers of Marx gone from this earth , but the followers of Hitler abound and thrive . " By detonating a nuclear weapon on American soil , Dressler and his associates plan to aggravate an already tense relationship between the two nations to the point of full - blown nuclear war . Ryan informs Cabot about the bomb , but learns that both he and President Fowler are attending a football game in the stadium where the bomb is planted . Cabot orders U.S. Secret Service agents to rush the President out of the stadium . The President manages to escape the stadium , but only moments before the bomb detonates , destroying a significant part of the city and scattering the President 's motorcade . After the explosion , Fowler is rescued by heliborne United States Marines , and taken airborne on a Boeing E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post with his cabinet . Immediately , they fear that the bomb was Russian . Ryan 's girlfriend , Dr. Catherine Muller , survives the blast and Ryan survives a helicopter crash , but Cabot dies later at a hospital . After being informed about the explosion , Dressler telephones one of his associates , a corrupt general in the Russian Air Force . In order to further aggravate the situation , the general orders his Tu - 22M Backfire pilots to strike an American aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis with standoff missiles in the North Sea under the false pretext that a U.S. intercontinental ballistic missile has destroyed Moscow . The strike heavily damages the Stennis and renders the carrier incapable of launching aircraft . In response , Fowler orders United States Air Force F - 16 fighter jets to attack the originating Russian air base . Tensions escalate as trust between Fowler and Nemerov rapidly deteriorates . To prove that he is willing to take the exchange to the next level , Fowler orders SNAPCOUNT , the military alert level for maximum readiness , preparing to launch a massive nuclear strike on Russian military targets . Seeing that the U.S. has dispatched B - 2 Spirit stealth bombers and Ohio - class submarines , Nemerov prepares to launch his missiles on the United States . Ryan first learns about the origin of the bomb after a U.S. Army Radiation Assessment Team conducts an isotopic fingerprint analysis of air samples around ground zero in Baltimore . It is concluded that the plutonium for the Baltimore bomb was manufactured in Savannah River nuclear plant in South Carolina in 1968 , thus indicating that the original fissile material was of American , not Russian , origin . He tries , unsuccessfully , to communicate this information to Fowler . After being with the dying Cabot , Ryan takes Cabot 's personal effects , and with Cabot 's text messenger , asks Spinnaker how the American plutonium ended up in a Russian bomb . Spinnaker tells him that the U.S. had secretly managed to send it to Israel for their nuclear weapons program . Meanwhile , John Clark learns from Ghazi , one of the scrap dealers who is dying from being exposed to the bomb 's radiation , that it was Olson who bought the bomb and that he lives in Damascus , Syria . Ryan 's co-workers in the CIA infiltrate Olson 's computer and download files that implicate Dressler as the person who bought the plutonium and who is behind the Baltimore attack . Ryan learns of this from his team . Ryan gets to the Baltimore harbor docks , only to find Dressler 's American contact Jared Mason murdered by Dressler 's German hitman Haft . Haft attacks Ryan , but Ryan manages to get the upper hand on him . Ryan tries to force Haft to talk , but is thwarted as the Maryland State Police arrive . Via a state police helicopter , Ryan manages to get to the Pentagon , where he is able to communicate the truth to Nemerov . Relying on Ryan 's word , Nemerov proposes a plan to Fowler to a stand down . Fowler follows suit , and the nuclear war is averted . The two presidents meet and make peace as agents of both governments hunt down and assassinate the terrorist conspirators . John Clark cuts Olson 's throat , Russian agents pursue and shoot the traitorous General Dubinin in a snow - covered forest , and as Grushkov looks on , Dressler has his bodyguard start his car engine to rule out a car bomb , only to be killed after he replaces him in the car , due to him pushing in the cigarette lighter , which actually triggers the bomb . In Washington , D.C. , Fowler and Nemerov address the Baltimore tragedy and the future of weapons of mass destruction during a speech on the White House lawn . In a nearby park , Ryan and Muller are having a picnic when they are approached by Grushkov . It is revealed that Grushkov is Spinnaker , Cabot 's covert source in Moscow . Grushkov gives Muller a " modest gift " for her engagement to Ryan . Muller and Ryan are perplexed , as they have not told anyone of their engagement . Ryan asks Grushkov how he could possibly know this secret , but he simply smiles , shrugs and walks away .
Colin positive Midori <$> Midori Takada arrives in Sydney with her new husband Yukio . She believes her marriage is a mistake and uses the honeymoon as a means to escape by walking out of their hotel room . She goes to a bank but a robbery takes place . Colin O'Brien is an experienced getaway driver . He is hired by an Australian - Afghani family who plan to rob a bank . During the robbery one member is killed by being crushed by the banks security screen . They grab a hostage and escape . In some wasteland outside the city they decide to get rid of their hostage . Colin will not stand by and watch her be killed . He shoots one of the brothers and threatens to shoot the other – Mahood . Colin and Midori escape . Colin wishes to travel to his father 's farm . Midori sees this as her opportunity to continue on her plans to escape and chooses to stay with Colin . Over the course of their trip they form a bond . Mahood returns home with the news of the death of his brothers . His father Boorjan swears revenge and they set out to track Colin and Midori . The police , watching the family also set out to track down Colin . Yukio is also told of his wife 's involvement but he knows she had walked out . His honor is injured and he also sets out to find her to pay her back . The film then becomes a road - movie as we see the two soon - to - be-lovers venture across New South Wales followed by the police , Yukio , and the Turkish family all seeking to catch up with them , but for different ends
Edward negative Becca ; Becca positive Jacob <$> Becca Crane moves to Sporks to live with her clueless father , Sheriff Frank , after her mother starts an affair with Tiger Woods . Meanwhile , killings have been happening to random people and the number one suspects are the Canadians . It is in fact a group of vampires , who are commonly confused with the Black Eyed Peas . Becca is quickly befriended by many students at her new high school , including Jennifer but she is intrigued by the mysterious and aloof Edward Sullen , who perplexes her during their time in the biology class , despite thinking she smells of tuna . Later , Becca is nearly struck by a van in the school parking lot . Edward inexplicably moves from several feet away and stops the vehicle by thrusting another student in its path without any harm to himself or Becca . He later refuses to explain this act to Becca and warns her against befriending him . After much research , she tells Edward that she knows what he is , but reaches the wrong conclusion that he is a Jonas Brother . Edward corrects her , saying he is a vampire but that he only consumes animal blood , and shows her the shiny bling he wears under his clothes . He also states he is a killer , and shoots Alice The pair fall in love , and he introduces Becca to his vampire family on her birthday . While unwrapping a gift , Becca gets a paper cut , after which one of the newer vampires runs at her . Edward flings her back , and then does the same to Jeremiah . She then is bleeding from her arm , and the blood falls in a pyramid - shape of champagne glasses . After locking his dad and brother in tanning beds , he notices Becca has a nose bleed . Realizing the danger that he and his family pose to Becca , Edward rides a Segway PT out to the woods . He then proceeds to break up with Becca , who throws a temper tantrum after he leaves . After the fit , the three vampires appear that killed the fisherman . She begins to be eaten , but Edward shows up . After Jack retrieves his fangs from Becca 's arm and leaps at Edward , Edward dispatches him by knocking his head off with a baseball bat . Jack 's head flies through Sheriff Frank 's car window , and he blames the Kardashians . Edward 's departure leaves Becca heartbroken for months . She discovers that thrill - seeking activities and attempted suicides evoke Edward 's preserved image . She is also comforted by her deepening friendship with Jacob White , the cheerful childhood friend who eases her pain over losing Edward . When Becca is accosted in the woods by the last of the nomadic vampires , Jacob transforms into a Chihuahua as his werewolf pack arrives to save her . Meanwhile , Edward has moved to Rio de Janeiro and is now dating Lady Gaga to get over losing Becca . When his sister arrives and tells him that , with her gift of prophecy , she has seen Becca kill herself , Edward becomes depressed and decides to provoke the " Zolturi " , a powerful vampire coven , by exposing himself in the sunlight at ' St. Salvatore 's day ' school prom and forcing them to kill him for revealing that vampires exist . His sister has another vision of Becca 's survival as he leaves , but she is unable to warn him . Edward 's sister arrives at Becca 's house in her Porsche 911 , and tells her she has to save Edward by showing him she is still alive . Jacob appears and demands that Becca choose between him and Edward , but just before she announces her decision he is distracted by a cat and runs off to chase it . Upon arriving at the prom , Becca is caught between the warring factions of Edward fangirls and Jacob fangirls . She is unable to reach Edward before he exposes himself , figuratively and literally . However , twilight occurs , concealing Edward 's vampire nature as Becca gets him to safety . But after a fight between him and the Zolturi leader , Daro , Edward is forced to make Becca into a vampire or else he will be killed horribly . He agrees to do so only on the condition that she marry him , which she accepts . The film concludes with Edward taking a blow to the head from the head Jacob fangirl , who shouts " Team Jacob , bitch ! " Edward survives the blow , and the girl is attacked by the newly - vampirized Becca . { { cite web } }
Wintergreen negative Poole <$> John Wintergreen is a motorcycle cop who patrols the rural Arizona highways with his partner " Zipper " ( [ [ Billy Green Bush | Billy . Wintergreen is a rookie looking to be transferred to homicide . When he is informed by Crazy Willie of an apparent suicide , Wintergreen believes the case is actually a murder . Detective Harve Poole agrees , and arranges for Wintergreen to be transferred to homicide to help with the case . Wintergreen gets his wish , but his joy is short - lived . He begins increasingly to identify with the hippies whom the other officers , including Detective Poole , are endlessly harassing . Workplace politics cause him to be quickly demoted back to Traffic Enforcement . The final straw comes when Poole discovers that Wintergreen has been sleeping with his girlfriend Jolene . Despite being demoted , Wintergreen is able to solve the murder . { { cn } } Nonetheless , a second tragedy strikes when Wintergreen is forced to shoot Zipper in self - defense . As the film ends , Wintergreen is alone and back on his old beat , when he runs into a hippie that Zipper was needlessly harassing near the beginning of the film . A misunderstanding over a forgotten driver ’s license sets up the film ’s tragic conclusion .
Kranski negative his ; Belinda positive his <$> When Vince is paroled for five years for a heist gone wrong , his dangerous and controlling former boss , Kranski , forces him back into a life of crime . Working for Kranski as a car thief , Vince finds solace in welding sculptures out of metal and old car parts in Kranski ’s chop shop . When Vince ’s raw and evocative sculptures are discovered by the calculating art dealer , Belinda , his chance for a new life as an artist emerges , as well as romantic complications with Belinda ’s gallery assistant , Kristen . Caught between the pressure from Kranski and the demands of the art world , Vince has to cleverly manoeuvre his way out to become his own man and his own artist .
Starling negative Lecter ; Buffalo neutral Lecter ; Chilton neutral Starling ; Chilton negative Lecter ; Starling negative Buffalo ; Starling negative Gumb <$> Clarice Starling is pulled from her training at the FBI Academy at Quantico , Virginia , by Jack Crawford of the Bureau 's Behavioral Science Unit . He tasks her with interviewing Hannibal Lecter , a former psychiatrist and incarcerated cannibalistic serial killer , believing Lecter 's insight might be useful in the pursuit of a serial killer nicknamed " Buffalo Bill " , who skins his female victims ' corpses . Starling travels to the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane , where she is led by Dr. Frederick Chilton to Lecter 's solitary quarters . Although initially pleasant and courteous , Lecter grows impatient with Starling 's attempts at " dissecting " him and rebuffs her . As she is leaving , one of the prisoners flicks semen at her . Lecter , who considers the discourtesy " unspeakably ugly " , calls Starling back and tells her to seek out an old patient of his . This leads her to a storage shed where she discovers a man 's severed head . She returns to Lecter , who tells her that the man is linked to Buffalo Bill . He offers to profile Buffalo Bill on the condition that he be transferred away from Chilton , whom he detests . When Buffalo Bill kidnaps a Senator 's daughter , Catherine Martin , Crawford authorizes Starling to offer Lecter a fake deal promising a prison transfer if he provides information that helps find Buffalo Bill and rescue the abductee . Instead , Lecter begins a game of quid pro quo with Starling , offering comprehensive clues and insights about Buffalo Bill if Starling will give him information about her own past , something she was advised not to do . Chilton secretly records the conversation and reveals Starling 's deal as a sham before offering to transfer Lecter in exchange for a deal of Chilton 's own making . Lecter agrees and is flown to Memphis , Tennessee , where he reveals personal information on Buffalo Bill to federal agents . As the manhunt begins , Starling visits Lecter at his special cell in a Tennessee courthouse and confronts him with her decryption of the name he provided . Lecter refuses Starling 's pleas for the truth and forces her to recount her traumatic childhood . She tells him how she was orphaned and relocated to a relative 's farm , where she discovered a lamb slaughterhouse and made a failed attempt to rescue one of the lambs . Lecter gives her back the case files on Buffalo Bill after their conversation is interrupted by Chilton and the police who escort her from the building . Later that evening , Lecter kills his two guards , escapes from his cell and disappears . Starling analyzes Lecter 's annotations to the case files and realizes that Buffalo Bill knew his first victim personally . Starling travels to the victim 's hometown and discovers that Buffalo Bill was a tailor , with dresses and dress patterns identical to the patches of skin removed from each of his victims . She telephones Crawford to inform him that Buffalo Bill is trying to fashion a " woman suit " of real skin , but Crawford is already en route to make an arrest , having cross-referenced Lecter 's notes with hospital archives and finding a man named Jame Gumb , who once applied unsuccessfully for a sex - change operation . Starling continues interviewing friends of Buffalo Bill 's first victim in Ohio while Crawford leads an FBI tactical team to Gumb 's address in Illinois . The house in Illinois is empty and Starling is led to the house of " Jack Gordon " , who she realizes is actually Jame Gumb . She pursues him into his multi-room basement , where she discovers that Catherine is still alive , but trapped in a dry well . After turning off the basement lights , Gumb stalks Starling in the dark with night - vision goggles but gives his position away when he cocks his revolver ; Starling turns around just in time and kills him . Some time later at her FBI Academy graduation party , Starling receives a phone call from Lecter , who is at an airport in Bimini . He assures her that he does not plan to pursue her and asks her to return the favor , which she says she can not do . Lecter then hangs up the phone , saying that he is " having an old friend for dinner " and begins following a newly - arrived Chilton before disappearing into the crowd .
Romeo negative Vijay <$> The protagonist of the film is Romeo ( [ [ Vikram Singh , who is in love with Shalu , an exotic dancer . He visits the pub where she works which gets raided by the police . He is arrested for possession of a firearm . The gun was handed to him seconds before the raid began by the character Manoj Masti Bhai ( [ [ Manoj Joshi . Romeo becomes the victim of police brutality in prison . Angered by his mistreatment , he swears vengeance and , upon his release , solicits the help of Mumbai underworld don Vijay Bhaichara so as to kill Masti Bhai . The law , represented by encounter specialist Anjali is on to grab the killer . Meanwhile , Romeo is getting in deeper with the criminal world in Mumbai . He forms a gang with Shalu and Vijay Bhaichara . Vijay has a falling - out with Romeo after Romeo kills a wealthy businessman named Naresh Jindal without informing Vijay . An enraged Vijay becomes Romeo 's arch rival . He sides with Inspector Anjali to finish Romeo in an encounter . One by one , Romeo 's associates and friends are killed . Eventually , Romeo decides to abandon his life of crime and start anew . However , his past catches up with him.Romeo is involved in an altercation with the law in which he is shot 6 times , but somehow survives .
Richard positive Beth ; Richard neutral William <$> Richard Thayer , a shy , unassuming man , is in love with a sheltered young woman , Elizabeth Lane . While the feelings are mutual and Richard wishes to propose , he can never find a moment to speak to Beth alone -- she is constantly surrounded by admirers and her overprotective father . Richard explains his predicament to his friends , young married couple William and Maude Harcourt . They agree to help by hosting Richard and Beth at a private dinner at their home . Beth 's father agrees to let her dine with the Harcourts , but insists that she keep to an 11:00 curfew . The evening of the dinner William Harcourt receives a telegram from a prospective business associate , Bradford ( [ [ William Dyer , informing him that he is arriving that night for a surprise visit . The announcement throws the Harcourts into a panic . William has recently mortgaged his home and life savings to buy a copper mine ; he is counting on a $ 1 - million investment from Bradford to save his business and house . He does not have any servants to welcome the millionaire , having fired them earlier in the day in a fit of rage . Working together , the four friends devise a plan : Richard and Beth will pose as the Harcourts ; the real Harcourts will play the servants because they are familiar with the layout of their house . The scheme initially works , but things quickly deteriorate when Bradford , an eccentric , overbearing man , starts flirting with Maude Harcourt and insisting that Richard and Beth turn in for the night . The situation worsens when Beth misses her curfew and her father shows up at the Harcourt home to look for her . Eventually , everything is solved , but not before Col. Lane is locked in the pantry , Richard falls out a window and William is tossed out of his own house . All Night is one of Valentino 's earliest films , and one of the only ones in which he plays a comedic role . In contrast to the screen persona of " The Great Lover " , his character of Richard Thayer is shy and insecure . For this film Valentino performed several scenes of physical comedy and pratfalls , including falling from a window into a barrel of water . He was originally billed in the film as Rodolpho de Valentina . Only one print of All Night is known to exist ; it has suffered some nitrate deterioration , especially in the fifth reel . However , it has been preserved and made available to the public on VHS and DVD by an independent film dealer .
Billie negative Charlie ; Gabriel negative Lori ; Max negative Billie <$> Ben Stein introduces the film as a long - lost film from the 1980s , so a lot of the jokes are now outdated in 2006 . As the Gunderson family sets out on a cross-country road trip to their new home , boyishly handsome Charlie , blossoming dancer Lori , and highly intelligent Max all have their own ideas of what life will be like in their new town . When Charlie is singled out as the least popular senior on the very first day of school , kindly outcast Billie amiably agrees to show him the ropes and provide him with an illuminating crash course in the clique system . Meanwhile , Lori is shocked to discover that dancing has been banned in her new town and the only place to cut loose is at the clandestine dance sessions held in the garage of current janitor and former dance instructor Gabriel . Immediately forbidden from attending the highly secretive shindigs , Lori stealthily sneaks out to be with the kindly Gabriel as her feelings for the dance instructor grow and the pair set into motion a clever plan to usher in a new era of dancing around town . When Charlie vows to win the heart of popular girl Kimberly by competing against her athletic boyfriend , Kipp , in the upcoming school decathlon , lovelorn Billie quietly pines for the clueless newcomer from afar as he begins a rigorous training regiment with Japanese gardener Yamagashi . As his family struggles to adjust to their new life , reclusive genius Max continues working on a highly advanced home computer that soon draws the attention of the CIA . { { allrovi movie } }
Day negative Craig ; Damon positive Ms. ; Donna neutral Mike ; Willie neutral Elroy ; Damon negative Mike ; Ms. neutral Craig <$> The movie begins when a robber , disguised as Santa Claus , breaks into Craig and Day - Day 's house at 3:37 am on Christmas Eve . Craig fights with the robber , trashing their apartment while making frantic , futile attempts to wake Day - Day . The robber escapes with Craig and Day - Day 's Christmas presents and rent money . The same morning , the police come over to get a report . After the police leave , Ms. Pearly comes in and says that if the two do not pay their rent money by the end of the day , she will evict them . Furthermore , she promises to send her homosexual ex-convict son , Damon , who just got out of prison after twelve years , after them if they do not pay in a timely manner . The same day , Craig and Day - Day get jobs as " Top Flight Security Guards " from Moly , the property manager and owner of a notoriously squalid dougnut shop and the shopping center that they are assigned to patrol . Later that day , they meet Donna and Money Mike , who run a fledgling shop called ' Pimps and Hoes . ' The shopping center is also the home of a BBQ rib restaurant called ' Bros . BBQ ' , owned by the cousins ' fathers , Willie ( [ [ John Witherspoon and Elroy . A couple of baseheads try to rob Money Mike 's store and Craig and Day - Day catch them both . He offers them a cash reward but Craig denies it and invites him to his party . Willie and Elroy were having trouble with the children until one of the kids kick Elroy resulting in Elroy taking out a belt and starts a series of beatings on the kids . Then , a gang of thugs , supposedly the grandsons of some carolers that were chased off by Day - Day for loitering in front of the corner store , begin to chase Craig and Day - Day , but , unable to catch them , they proceed to beat Moly for hiding them , resulting in the two losing their jobs . As revenge , Willie rats Moly out to the Department of Health . Craig and Day - Day throw a rent party later that night to recoup their stolen money and stay in their apartment . While Money Mike is in the restroom , Damon attempts to rape him , but fails when Money Mike grabs his testicles with pliers . Damon then proceeds to chase him when he tries to run away . Also Ms. Pearly comes on to Craig 's dad when he uses her bathroom , causing Craig 's mom to fight Ms. Pearly when she catches the two . Craig and Day - Day see the robber and give chase , running into other obstacles and are ultimately unsuccessful . Eventually , the robber gets run over by Pinky 's limousine . The movie then ends when Craig and Day - Day retrieve their Christmas presents and tie the robber up on a chimney . During the credits , it is revealed that Craig and Donna hooked up after Craig returned and that Damon is still chasing Money Mike , and that Ms. Pearly tried to stop the party by calling the police , but they left after receiving marijuana as a bribe .
Sampson negative Radcliffe <$> Sir Geoffrey Radcliffe is sentenced to death for the murder of his brother Michael , a crime he did not commit . Dr. Frank Griffin , the brother of the original invisible man , injects the prisoner with an invisibility drug . As Radcliffe 's execution nears , he suddenly vanishes from his cell . Detective Sampson from the Scotland Yard guesses the truth while Radcliffe searches for the real murderer before the drug causes him to go insane . The Radcliffe family owns a mining operation . The recently - hired employee Willie Spears is promoted within the company , stirring Radcliffe 's suspicions . After forcing Spear 's car off the road , Spears is scared into revealing that Richard Cobb , Radcliffe 's cousin , is the murderer . After a confrontation , a chase scene ensues during which Radcliffe is struck by a bullet from Sampson . Cobb is killed falling from a coal wagon , but not before confessing to the murder . Radcliffe , dying from blood loss and exposure , makes his way to Dr. Griffin . A transfusion of blood makes Radcliffe visible , allowing the doctor to operate and save his life .
Jessie negative Russell ; Grimes positive Russell ; Favor negative Grimes ; Lee negative Russell <$> In late 19th - century Arizona , an Apache - raised white man , John Russell , faces prejudice in the white world after he returns for his inheritance upon his father 's death . Deciding to sell the house in order to buy a herd of horses — which does not endear him to the boarders who live there or to the caretaker , Jessie — Russell ends up riding a stagecoach with Jessie and unhappily married boarders Doris and Billy Lee Blake leaving town . Three others ride with them : Indian agent Professor Alexander Favor , his aristocratic wife Audra and the crude Cicero Grimes . Upon discovering that John Russell is an Indian , Professor Favor requests that Russell ride up top with driver Henry Mendez . The stagecoach is robbed by a gang led by Grimes , who knew that Dr. Favor had been carrying money that he stole from the very Apaches whom Russell grew up with . Grimes rides off , taking Mrs. Favor as a hostage . Russell manages to shoot two of the outlaws — one of whom is Jessie 's lover , sheriff - gone - bad Frank — who have the stolen money in their saddle bags . He insists that Dr. Favor give the recovered money back to him . The bigots he rode with now appeal to Russell to lead them to safety . Russell 's instincts to protect the group clash with their naive and " civilized " attitudes to save the Favors , especially when Grimes and his remaining gang offer to trade Mrs. Favor for the money . Their pity for Mrs. Favor 's life eventually outweighs the knowledge that Grimes is using her to bait a trap . Russell gives the money to Billy Lee , asking him to take it back to the Indians from whom it was stolen . Russell descends from the group 's hideout with saddle bags that he pretends are full of the money , while Billy Lee stays in the hideout and aims a rifle at one of the outlaws . Russell cuts Mrs Favor loose and she slowly makes her way up to the group , but by the time Russell throws the saddle bags to Grimes Mrs Favor has collapsed at a point where she is obscuring Billy Lee 's target . In the ensuing firefight , although Russell is able to kill Grimes , Billy Lee is unable to prevent an outlaw shooting Russell dead .
Billy neutral Tigers ; Billy negative Jane ; Billy positive Yankees <$> The Detroit Tigers travel to New York to play a season - ending series against the New York Yankees . At 63 - 97 , the team has long since been eliminated from playoff contention and are playing for nothing but pride against the Yankees , who have a chance to clinch the American League East with a win . For 40 - year - old pitcher Billy Chapel , however , this may end up being the most significant 24 hours of his life . In his Manhattan hotel suite , Billy awaits his girlfriend Jane Aubrey , but she does n't show . The next morning , Billy is told by Tigers ' owner Gary Wheeler ( [ [ Brian Cox that the team has been sold and that the new owners ' first move will be to end Billy 's 19 - year tenure with the Tigers by trading him to the San Francisco Giants . Billy also learns from Jane that she is leaving that same day to accept a job offer in London . Billy is a famous , accomplished pitcher , but has a losing record this season , is near the end of his career and is also recovering from a hand injury . Wheeler hints that Billy should consider retiring rather than join another team . As he goes to Yankee Stadium to make his last start of the year , Billy begins reflecting about Jane , detailing how they met five years prior . These flashbacks are interspersed within the game , along with glimpses of Jane watching the game on a television at the airport . As the game progresses , with friend and catcher Gus Sinski aware that something is on Billy 's mind other than baseball , Billy dominates the Yankees ' batters , often talking to himself on how to pitch each one . While in the dugout resting between innings , Billy also reflects how his relationship with Jane was strained by his shutting her out of his life after he suffered a career - threatening injury in the off - season . The pain of pitching is getting worse as the game goes on . Billy is so caught up in his thoughts that he does not realize he is pitching a perfect game until the bottom of the eighth inning . Gus confirms this and says that the whole team is rallying behind him to do whatever it takes to keep the perfect game bid alive . Before the Tigers take the field for the bottom of the ninth inning , Billy has final ruminations about his career and his love for Jane . He autographs a baseball for Wheeler , who has been like a father to him for many years . Along with the signature , Billy also writes on the ball that he will retire " for love of the game . " After finishing the perfect game , Billy sits alone in his hotel room as the realization sinks in that everything he has been and done for the past 19 years is over . Despite his amazing accomplishment , Billy weeps not only for the loss of baseball , but for the other love of his life , Jane . The next morning , Billy goes to the airport to inquire about a flight for London . Jane has missed her flight so she could watch the end of his perfect game . Finding her there waiting for her plane , they embrace and reconcile .
Hitler neutral Bronski ; Greenberg positive Bronski ; Sobinski negative Maria ; Sobinski negative Siletsky ; Siletsky neutral Maria ; Tura negative Siletsky ; Ehrhardt negative Siletsky ; Ehrhardt neutral Tura ; Greenberg neutral Tura ; Bronski positive Maria ; Hitler positive Maria ; Hitler negative Sobinski <$> The movie chronicles the adventures of a Polish theater company before and during Nazi occupation , especially those of the resident ham , Josef Tura , and his wife , Maria . The film opens with the seemingly impossible appearance of Adolf Hitler in Warsaw before the 1939 invasion . We discover this is a local actor , Bronski , who is playing Hitler in a new work satirizing the Nazis . During rehearsals , Bronski 's resemblance to Hitler was called into question , so he took to the streets to prove himself . His effort fails when a young girl asks for the autograph of " Mr. Bronski . " The action then shifts to later that night , when the theater company is performing Shakespeare 's Hamlet , with Tura in the title role . Bronski commiserates with his friend and colleague , Greenberg , about always being the ones to " carry a spear , " instead of having starring roles . Greenberg reveals it has always been his dream to perform Shylock , especially the famous " Hath not a Jew eyes ? ... " speech . Meanwhile , Maria is inspecting a bouquet of flowers she received from a handsome young pilot named Lt. Stanislav Sobinski . She arranges to meet him , telling Sobinski to come to her dressing room when Tura begins his " To be or not to be ... " speech , so they can be sure of privacy . The young man walks out when Tura begins his monologue — causing the highly - strung actor great distress . Sobinski and Maria begin an affair but soon after Germany declares war on Poland and Sobinski leaves to join the fight . A montage and voice - over show us Hitler conquering Poland , and tell us that the Polish division of the British Royal Air Force is fighting to free its mother country . We cut to this very division , where Lt. Sobinski and other young pilots are singing with an apparent Polish resistance leader named Prof. Siletsky . Siletsky hints he will return to Warsaw soon , but Sobinski is suspicious when he gives Siletsky a message for Maria Tura and he does n't know who the famous actress is . Sobinski 's superiors send him to Warsaw to warn the resistance . He manages to reach Maria , who passes the message on in his stead . Immediately after , she is stopped by two Nazi soldiers , who have been ordered by Siletsky to bring her to his hotel . Siletsky delivers Sobinski 's message and invites Maria to dinner , hoping to recruit her as a spy for the Nazis . She pretends to be interested and goes home " to change her clothes . " Just before she arrives at her apartment , Tura returns and Maria , Tura and Stanislav end up in a three - way conversation in which Maria and Stanislav try to figure out what to do , and Tura tries to figure out what on Earth is going on . In the end , Tura proclaims that he will kill Siletsky . Later that evening , Mrs. Tura returns to the professor 's room and pretends to be attracted to him . Just as they kiss , there is a knock at the door . It is a Nazi officer . He informs the professor that he is wanted at Gestapo headquarters , but actually escorts him to the theater , which has been hastily disguised with props and costumes from the play . Tura pretends to be Col. Ehrhardt of the Gestapo , and Siletsky gives him the report containing the names and addresses of the families of the Polish pilots . He also reveals that Sobinski gave him a message for Maria and that the line " to be or not to be " was the signal for their rendezvous . Tura reacts in an insanely jealous way and declares he will have Maria arrested . Noting this overreaction , Siletsky quickly figures out that he has been duped , pulls a gun on Tura and tries to escape , but is shot and killed by Sobinski on the stage of the theater . Tura returns to the hotel disguised as Siletsky in a fake beard and glasses , to destroy the information about the Polish resistance that Siletsky has in his trunk . Unfortunately , he 's met at the hotel by the real Col. Ehrhardt 's adjutant , Capt. Schultz , and taken to meet Ehrhardt himself . Luckily , Tura manages to pass himself off as Siletsky and learns during their meeting that Hitler himself will visit Poland the next day . The next day , the real Siletsky 's body is discovered in the theater . Ehrhardt sends for Maria to tell her , but she is unable to warn Tura in time , and he arranges another meeting with Ehrhardt , again posing as Siletsky . When Tura arrives , Ehrhardt sends him into a room with Siletsky 's dead body in it , hoping to frighten him into a confession . Ad libbing like a pro , however , Tura shaves off Siletsky 's beard and then attaches a spare fake beard that he was carrying in his pocket . He then calls Ehrhardt into the room and manipulates him into pulling Siletsky 's now - fake beard off . This seems to prove that the real Siletsky was actually the imposter , but just as Tura is about to make his escape , the other actors storm into Ehrhardt 's office , yank off Tura 's false beard and pretend to drag him away to prison . This gets Tura out of Gestapo headquarters , but now he can not leave the country on the plane Ehrhardt had arranged for him , and it 's only a matter of time before the actors ' ruse is discovered . Now the actors make their boldest gambit of all . The Nazis put on a show at the theater to welcome Hitler , and Sobinski and the actors sneak in dressed as Nazis . Prominent among them is Bronski , initially without his Hitler mustache from the play . The actors hide in the powder rooms until Hitler arrives and takes his seat , and then , as the Nazis are singing the German national anthem inside , Greenberg suddenly appears from the ladies ' room and charges toward Hitler 's box . This distracts the Führer 's guards long enough for Bronski , now wearing a Hitler mustache , to emerge unnoticed from the men 's room and pretend to have come out of Hitler 's box surrounded by his " entourage . " Playing the head of Hitler 's men , Tura demands to know what Greenberg wants from the Führer , and Greenberg finally gets his chance to deliver Shylock 's famous speech , infusing it with all his love for Poland and his hatred of the Nazis that have subjugated it . He ends with a ringing " if you wrong us , shall we not revenge ?! " and Tura orders his " officers " to take Greenberg away . He also recommends that Bronski / Hitler leave Poland immediately , and all the actors march out , get in Hitler 's car and drive away . Back at her apartment , Maria is waiting for the actors to pick her up . They all intend to leave on Hitler 's plane , but Col. Ehrhardt shows up and tries to seduce her . Ehrhardt is utterly floored , however , when the door opens and Bronski walks in disguised as Hitler . Equally shocked , Bronski turns and walks out in silence , but Ehrhardt immediately thinks that Maria is having an affair with Hitler and he has just been caught trying to steal the Führer 's girl . It 's the perfect opportunity for Maria , who dashes after Bronski calling , " Mein Führer , Mein Führer ! " All the actors take off in the plane . They easily dispose of the real Nazi pilots — Bronski , still dressed as Hitler , simply orders them to jump out of the plane ; the mindlessly obedient pilots instantly leap to their deaths . Sobinski flies the plane to Scotland , where Bronski causes a little surprise when he parachutes into a farmer 's bale of hay in his Hitler costume and makeup . The actors are soon revealed as heroes . Asked what reward he 'd like for his service to the Allies , Tura hems and haws in a show of false modesty , but Maria quickly answers in his stead , " he wants to play Hamlet . " In the movie 's final scene , Tura is once again on stage as Hamlet and reaches the moment of " To be or not to be . " He eyeballs Sobinski in the audience as he begins the speech , but both of them are struck dumb when a new young man gets up and heads backstage .
Benjamin negative Manette <$> The story is set in 1750 during the time of Louis XV . Benjamin is a country doctor in love with the beautiful innkeeper 's daughter , Manette , but she refuses his advances until he produces a marriage contract . After suffering a humiliating practical joke and condemned to prison , Benjamin escapes with Manette , who realizes she prefers happiness to a marriage contract after all . { { cite web } } { { cite web } }
Sean negative Ray ; Gatley negative Sean ; her negative Sean ; her positive Ray ; Carl neutral Sean ; Duke neutral Sean <$> The film follows the story of Sean Crawley ( [ [ Chris McKenna , a struggling young man trying to make ends meet by painting houses in suburban Los Angeles . One day , Sean meets " Duke " Wayne , who introduces Sean to his boss , a shady developer named Ray Matthews . Ray hires Sean as a spy , and orders him to follow Eric Gatley , an accountant who has been investigating Ray 's company . Problems start when Ray , while drunk , offers Sean $ 13,000 to kill Eric . Sean accepts his offer and , although ambivalent , ends up killing Gatley by breaking into his house and beating him to death . When Sean goes to collect his pay , however , he is double - crossed and when he insists that they pay him , he is kidnapped and taken to Ray 's secluded farm . It emerges that Matthews never had any intention of paying Sean for the killing , for he only wanted to use and eliminate him . But Sean survives from having a bullet put in his head then reveals that he had taken Gatley 's work file of evidence and hidden it along with his documentation of events leading to the murder . When torture fails to make him disclose the whereabouts of the file , Sean is then brutally beaten about the head with golf clubs many times by Ray and his henchmen daily for weeks , in an effort to destroy his memory . After suffering a heavy amount of trauma , Sean escapes , killing Duke , and finds his way to a downtown homeless shelter where Gatley 's widow , Susan , takes him under her wing , oblivious to his role in her personal tragedy . After she nurses him back to normal , he feels he has been reborn and they become lovers and he moves into her house . But after a few weeks , Susan finds his file describing the murder and , enraged , physically attacks him . Defending himself , Sean accidentally kills her . Having lost what he saw as his redemption and rebirth , more angry and cynical than ever , Sean returns to Ray 's farm and methodically and ruthlessly exacts revenge on his captors ; having arrived before Ray , he finds Duke 's body and decapitates it , removing the wounds that would implicate his involvement . While waiting for Ray , Sean burns Duke 's head in a fire pit along with pictures of Susan , exclaiming that if it was n't for him and his friends he could have had a happy life . He hides in the house while Ray 's henchmen search for him . Sean jumps Carl upstairs and hits him in the chest with a sledgehammer and kicks him down the stairs , Carl lies on the floor unable to move from internal bleeding . Beckett comes into the house to find Carl , when Sean breaks his leg and hits his back , paralyzing him . With the two henchmen unable to move , he moves on to Ray , dousing him in gasoline and setting him on fire , he returns to the house to deal with the wounded Carl and Beckett , begging him for medical assistance and asking why . Sean simply replies asking if there needs to be a reason for his revenge . Sean turns the stove on and leaves the house , he changes Ray 's shoes to make it appear that the trio were working on the house when an accident occurs . Sean lights one of Ray 's shoes on fire and throws it in the house , Beckett and Carl scream and cry as Sean walks away from the house before it explodes , and the screen fades to black . The title of the film refers to an episode after the murder , when Sean and Duke are at the zoo and Duke is musing about the game of deciding which animal most closely resembles a person , not physically , but on a deeper level . After roughing Sean up to discourage him from pursuing his quest for payment , he disparagingly remarks that he 's found which animal resembles Sean : an ant .
Yuvarani positive Vijay <$> The story is about Vijay is a college student who comes back after finished his studies . He meets village headman 's daughter Yuvarani , both of them in love with each other . Yuvarani 's father Mansoor Alikhan opposes to their marriage . Vijaykanth is the elder brother of Vijay who returns from jail . The story carries a flashback of Vijaykanth where Gouthami is his lover . Finally what happens ? Is Vijay and Yuvarani wins in their love forms the rest of the story .
her positive he <$> This is a story of a boy and girl who meet for the first time in an airport and fall in love before they board their flights . Dhruv is the boy and Harika is the girl . They are distinctive individuals . Dhruv is a kind of boy who loves to take chances in life . Harika is one who likes to make right choices in life . She is doing Masters in Lifestyles Design Academy in Malaysia . Right now she is on her way to India to meet a prospective groom whom her parents have chosen for her . Dhruv falls in love at first sight with Harika when he sees her at the airport . But he has only two hours to make her fall in love with him . The rest of the story is about how he succeeds .
Napoleon positive Danny ; Napoleon negative Samantha ; Danny negative Samantha <$> Eleven - year - old Napoleon lives with his grandfather . He and his grandfather adopt a lion named Major when by chance they meet an old clown who can not take him back to Europe . The old lion has bad teeth and only drinks milk so they put Major in the chicken cage to look after him . When Napoleon 's grandfather dies of old age , Napoleon asks a young grad student named Danny to help bury his grandfather . Uncertain about his future Napoleon runs off with the lion , a pet rooster , and his friend Samantha to try to find Danny , now a goat herder who lives in the mountains , and so Napoleon can avoid being sent to an orphanage . Along their way , the two children encounter many dangers . Napoleon nearly falls off a cliff , but Major manages to pull him up with a rope . They have to cross a river which Major does not like , being a cat who 's afraid of water . The rooster is chased by a mountain lion but soon the tables are turned and the cougar is chased up a tree by Major . While Napoleon is out looking for wood he comes across an angry bear that chases him back to where Samantha is resting with Major . At first , Major is too tired and wants to sleep while Samantha desperately tries to wake him . But as soon as the lion hears the roar of the bear and stands up to challenge his opponent . The two beasts fight hard but the lion easily defeats the bear and chases him away . Eventually the children find Danny 's cabin and he takes them in with the hope of convincing Napoleon that orphanages really are n't that bad . Danny leaves the kids with a man he recently met and attempts to find Samantha 's family to notify them but he is arrested and accused of kidnapping the children . While at the police station , Danny notices a photo of the man he left the kids with , who happens to be a dangerous psychopath and escapes to rescue them . He steals a motorcycle and the police chase him all the way back to his cabin where they find and arrest the wanted man . When things are back to normal , Napoleon takes Major and tries to run away again to live with the Indians but Danny catches up . Danny explains that the Indians do n't really live out in the wild anymore and that Napoleon should give foster care a try with a promise that Major could stay in the mountains and live with him . Napoleon agrees and they go back to Danny 's cabin . Major was a film veteran , having appeared in Tarzan movies with Mike Henry and the television series with Ron Ely , as well as being used as the MGM logo 's Leo the Lion since 1957 .
Potter neutral McTeague ; McTeague negative Schouler ; Trina neutral Maria ; McTeague negative Trina ; Maria negative Zerkow ; Grannis negative Miss <$> { { quote box } } Trina & McTeague The film opens with John McTeague working as a miner in Placer County , CA . A traveling dentist named Dr. Painless Potter visits his home town and McTeague 's mother begs Dr. Potter to take her son on as an apprentice . Dr. Potter agrees and McTeague eventually becomes a dentist , opening his own practice on Polk Street in San Francisco . Marcus Schouler brings Trina Sieppe , his cousin and intended fiancée , into McTeague 's office for dental work . Schouler and McTeague are friends and McTeague gladly agrees to examine her . As they wait for an opening , Trina buys a lottery ticket from Maria . During her initial visit and subsequent check - ups McTeague becomes enamored with Trina and , knowing that she and Schouler are romantically linked , McTeague begs Schouler for permission to court Trina . After seeing McTeague 's conviction Schouler agrees to allow McTeague to court Trina . Although Trina finds McTeague agreeable , his working - class roots are an issue for her and she plays coy despite his advances . Eventually she agrees to marry him to which McTeague triumphantly shouts " I got her ! I got her ! " Meanwhile , Trina 's lottery ticket has won five - thousand dollars . Initially , the sum has little affect on the couple ; however , Schouler soon bitterly claims that the money should have been his . This is the beginning of a lifelong rift between the pair . After McTeague and Trina wed , they continue to live in their small apartment with Trina refusing to spend her $ 5,000 on anything . The couple look at buying a house , but Trina thinks it is too expensive and later claims to have found still water in their basement , another reason for not moving . Trina 's mother writes of hardship , asking for a $ 50 loan , however Trina hesitates , but eventually agrees to pay the money if she and McTeague each pay half . McTeague agrees and Trina quietly plots , " if she needs the money that badly , she 'll write again . " Schouler stops by the couple 's place to say his last goodbyes , explaining that he is heading out of town to become a cattle rancher . Trina and McTeague bid him a farewell . However , Schouler still harbors a grudge against the couple and has secretly conspired to ruin McTeague 's business by reporting him for operating dentistry without a license . McTeague is ordered to shut down his practice or face jail time , and briefly finds work elsewhere before being fired . Even though she has saved over $ 200 in addition to the original $ 5000 from the lottery ticket , Trina is unwilling to spend any of her money and this is becoming an issue for McTeague . Trina orders him out of the house into the night rain in order to find more work . Before he leaves , she takes his final pay , then refuses to even give him a dime for car fare . Money coming into the household becomes increasingly scarce , with the couple " forced " to sell all their possessions . Eventually the couple move out again into a house where a recent murder took place because the rent is cheaper . After McTeague and Trina argue about money , McTeague snaps and bites Trina 's fingers in a fit of rage . Later McTeague leaves to go fishing in order to sell the fish for an income and takes Trina 's savings . McTeague does not return home and Trina is distraught about his whereabouts , then seems to lament the loss of her money more than her husband . Trina 's bitten fingers become infected and have to be amputated . With her savings gone and McTeague no longer providing an income , Trina picks up casual work as a cleaner at a children 's school . At this point , she withdraws the $ 5,000 from the bank in order to keep it close to her at all times , eventually spreading the money on her bed so she can sleep on it . McTeague returns , having spent the money and now starving , asking Trina for more money . The following day McTeague confronts Trina at the school . They get into a heated argument and McTeague beats Trina to death then steals her $ 5,000 . Now an outlaw , McTeague returns to a life in the mines until he " senses danger " and flees in the night , narrowly avoiding bounty hunters . McTeague then teams up with a prospector named Cribbens , and the pair set out looking for something to mine and make their own fortunes . Heading towards Death Valley , they find a large quantity of quartz , and so set themselves up as millionaires . Before they can begin mining , McTeague once again " senses danger " in the night , and flees into Death Valley with a single horse , the remaining money , and one water jug . Several marshals are pursuing McTeauge , including Marcus Schouler , who saw the wanted poster and is able to help identify McTeague . The marshals circle around Death Valley to cut McTeague off at the other side . Schouler wants to catch him personally and , having been given a set of handcuffs and a pistol , rides into Death Valley alone . The oppressive heat causes McTeague 's progress to slow down and eventually stops him from moving forward . Schouler 's progress is also beginning to wane when he spies McTeague lying in the sand and moves in to make his arrest . After a confrontation , McTeague tells Schouler that the rest of the money is on his horse , along with the only water he has remaining . The horse , having eaten " locoweed " , decides to bolt , and it seems the easiest and most beneficial thing to do is have Schouler put the horse down . Schouler 's bullets stop the horse , but also puncture the drink container , spilling the water onto the desert floor . The pair , delirious from heat , fight one last time , with McTeague proving the victor ; however , Schouler had snapped the cuffs on McTeague , who is now bound to Schouler 's corpse . Assessing his situation : In the desert with no horse , no water , unable to reach from where he stands the remaining money and handcuffed to a corpse , the movie ends with a coda lamenting what men would do for a lust of gold . Zerkow and Maria The young woman who sold Trina the lottery ticket , Maria Miranda Macapa ( [ [ Dale Fuller lives with Zerkow , who collects and sells junk . Maria often talks about her solid gold dining set . Maria lives at Zerkow 's small home and she and Zerkow talk about nothing but the solid gold dining set . Maria claims alternately to have never mentioned it to him , only having mentioned it once , mentioning that it was just a story , and claiming to have no knowledge of the dining set either before or after it was either lost or misplaced . Zerkow does n't believe her , and becomes obsessed with wheedling the truth of the set 's location from her . She continuously denies the information to him ; the culmination of their arguments resulting in him murdering her . Grannis and Miss Baker In the apartment complex where Trina and McTeague first live together , two elderly borders , Charles W. Grannis ( [ [ Frank Hayes and Miss Anastasia Baker share adjoining rooms . Grannis and Miss Baker stand alone in the film because all of the other major characters are grotesques , whose ugly outward appearance reflects their inner character . Grannis is a kind man who buys back the McTeague 's wedding picture when Trina accidentally sells it in an auction of their possessions , and Miss Baker is a sweet retired dressmaker . They live in exceptionally close quarters as the divide between their rooms is extremely thin . Throughout their stay at the complex , they have never actually met . But , they both sit close to the wall and listen to the other party for company , so it is as if they know every thing about one another . In time , they do meet , and can not hide their long - felt feelings for each other . Eventually , they marry , and a door connects the wall between Grannis ' and Miss Baker 's rooms ; finally , the lasting love of Grannis and Miss Baker is played out in a two - strip Technicolor sequence , shown only in stills .
Frank positive Jack ; her positive Jack ; Jack positive Eddie <$> The Fabulous Baker Boys , Jack and Frank , are brothers living in Seattle , making a living playing in lounges and music bars , their gimmick being that they play intricate jazz and pop - flavored duets on matching grand pianos . Frank handles the business aspect while Jack , single , attractive , and more talented as a player , feels disillusioned and bored with the often hackneyed material they play . He is , nonetheless , able to live a comfortable and responsibility - free existence because of Frank 's management , sleeping where and with whom he pleases . Frank has a wife and family he adores , but Jack has no personal connections in his private life , other than Eddie , his soulful but aging Black Labrador , and Nina , the lonely child of a single mom living in his building , who walks Eddie and takes piano lessons from Jack . In all other respects , professionally and personally , Jack 's life is a series of empty one - night stands . Now and again , he plays the challenging music he really cares about at a local jazz club . Concerned over the way they keep losing gigs , the Baker Boys hold auditions for a female singer to join the outfit , ending up with the beautiful but eccentric Susie Diamond , a former escort with unusual charisma , a sultry singing voice , and emotional baggage she keeps well hidden most of the time . She 's late for the audition , cockily irreverent of their professional reputation , and ticks Frank off by saying she 's got an intuition he 'll hire her anyway — but overcomes his reservations with her impassioned performance of " More Than You Know " , with Jack accompanying her , clearly more impressed with Susie 's singing than he wants to admit . After a rocky start , the new act becomes unexpectedly successful , leading to bigger gigs and better money , but Frank is worried that Jack will ruin it by sleeping with Susie , having noted the growing attraction between the two , and being all too well aware of his brother 's effect on the opposite sex . Jack and Susie circle each other warily from gig to gig , neither wanting to make the first move . In the meantime , the normally cool and emotionally distant Jack has a stark revelation of how fragile his world really is when Eddie has to spend the night at an animal hospital . He needs to have several teeth removed , a procedure that could easily kill the elderly dog , who is , Jack suddenly realizes , his only real friend in the world . The now sought - after trio head out of town to play an extended engagement at a grand old - style hotel . Frank has to leave suddenly , when one of his kids has a minor accident . Without him to act as chaperone , Susie and Jack give in to their feelings after playing a sizzling duet of " Makin ' Whoopee " at the hotel 's New Year 's Eve celebration . Before they have sex , Susie opens up to Jack about her past at the escort service , sleeping with clients simply because they were nice to her . She tries to tell him how good a player he is , but he 's unwilling to admit his regrets to her . The romance is uneasy and off - kilter from the start , and it does n't last long . Back in Seattle , there is increasing tension within the act , as Frank senses what has happened between Jack and Susie , and both of them begin to rebel against Frank 's creative control , which has them performing crowd - pleasers like " Feelings " every night , instead of the jazz standards they prefer . After she spends the night with Jack at his apartment , Susie reveals that she got a lucrative offer from a catfood conventioneer at the hotel to sing jingles for TV , which would mean leaving The Baker Boys . She later takes the job when Jack , wounded she 'd even consider going , refuses to admit how he feels about her , and acts as if her departure is no big deal . As a parting shot , she tells him he 's selling himself on the cheap as much as she ever did as an escort , by working a cheesy lounge act instead of developing his talent as a serious jazz musician . Jack and Frank quarrel over Susie 's departure and the increasingly embarrassing gigs Frank has been landing them , and they get into a fight , with Jack nearly breaking Frank 's fingers in frustrated rage , then storming off saying he ca n't pretend anymore . Jack later blows up at Nina , driving her away — but goes after her to apologize — and learns that she 's getting a new stepdad , so he wo n't be such a big part of her life anymore . Now ready to pursue the solo career his loyalty to Frank and delayed maturity had kept on the back burner , Jack goes to Frank 's house to mend fences . The brothers finally let each other know how much they care about each other , now that they do n't have to work together . Frank accepts Jack 's decision to go his own way , and says he 'll switch to giving piano lessons at home — in his mind , he was simply helping his brother lead the carefree swinging single life that he secretly envied , and had thought Jack wanted . They reminisce happily about the early days of their act , and play a riotous chorus of " You 're Sixteen " , knowing now that their connection is unbreakable , no matter what happens . Jack goes to see Susie , who is not enjoying the jingle business much , to let her know he 's sorry about the way he behaved , and to subtly but unmistakably communicate that he wants to try again with her . She is n't ready to give him another chance yet , but they part as friends , and Jack tells her he 's got an intuition they 'll see each other again , echoing her earlier prediction that the brothers would hire her for the act . She walks off to her job , with him watching until she 's nearly out of sight . As the credits roll , the soundtrack plays Michelle Pfeiffer and Dave Grusin 's interpretation of " My Funny Valentine " .
Leroy negative Ruby ; Mommy negative Alice ; Spenser negative Prince ; Roach neutral Alice ; Leroy negative Robesons ; Daddy negative Roach ; Daddy negative Alice ; Robesons positive Alice ; Booker negative Ruby ; Roach positive Robesons <$> Poindexter Williams , known as ' Fool ' , is a resident of a ghetto of Los Angeles . Fool learns that he and his family have been evicted from their apartment by their landlords , the Robesons . Leroy , an acquaintance of Fool 's sister Ruby , offers to help Fool provide for his family by planning a burglary of the Robesons ' residence after discovering evidence of gold coins in their possession . The Robesons themselves , known only as Daddy and Mommy live in a large home in a residential neighborhood with their daughter Alice whom they terrorize and abuse incessantly . Leroy and his associate Spenser take Fool to the house for reconnaissance , but are foiled ; Spenser , posing as a municipal worker , succeeds , but when the Robesons leave the home , Fool and Leroy became suspicious and decide to break in . They find the house is heavily fortified against all forms of escape : doors have industrial locks , and all windows are sound - and shatterproof glass wired and padlocked from the outside . After escaping a vicious attack dog named Prince , they split up ; Fool ventures into the dungeon - like basement , where strange noises and figures scurry behind a barricaded corral under the stairwell , and finds Spenser dead on the floor . Terrified , Fool flees and reunites with Leroy as the Robesons return ; Leroy is discovered and shot to death by Daddy , while Fool is drawn by a lure into a labyrinth of passageways between the walls that leads to an older section of the house , where he meets Alice . She tells him that the people in the cellar are the former children of her parents who have disobeyed one of the three " see / speak / hear no evil " rules of the household . The children have had the offending body parts amputated as punishment before being imprisoned in the basement , where they have degenerated into cannibalism to survive . Alice has avoided this fate by obeying the rules without question . She also tells him that one of the boys , a mute named Roach , has escaped from the cellar and into the walls , evading Daddy , who relentlessly hunts him through the house with a shotgun while clad in a full - bodied leather BDSM outfit . When the police arrive to inspect Leroy 's van , the Robesons discover Fool 's phony Cub Scout uniform and realize he is inside the house . Fool narrowly manages to evade detection with the aid of Roach , but is captured when he is reunited with Alice ; Roach escapes , but is shot in the process . He rescues Fool from the cellar after Daddy leaves him for the cannibals , giving him a small bag of gold coins and a written plea to save Alice before succumbing to his wound . Fool ascends the furnace chute to save Alice . Fool punches Daddy as he and Alice escape into the heating ducts . Meanwhile , Daddy finds Roach 's dead body in the furnace and cremates him . Then Daddy has Prince to kill Fool . It was a failure as Fool uses the dog to avoid his death , inadvertently causing Daddy to accidentally kill Prince . They reach the attic and find an open window below the garden pond , but Alice is too afraid to jump and Fool is forced to do so without her after Daddy discovers them . Fool climbs over the fence to freedom , but yells to Alice that he will return for her . Once home , his grandfather Booker plans to pawn the coins to pay for the family 's rent and a life - saving operation for Fool 's mother . He also tells them that the Robesons are not spouses , but siblings , the last of a mortician family that built a fortune based on exorbitant pricing and unscrupulous real estate deals . Greed and paranoia eventually drove them into incestuous procreation , and each generation has become increasingly unstable and psychotic . Fool alerts the police , and sneaks back into the house as the Robesons successfully hide their actions with a clever charade . After the police leave , they ambush him , but he frees himself and climbs towards the attic , where he finds Alice bound to the chimney . Once informed that she was kidnapped by the Robesons , she commits to helping him stop them . Fool wanted to escape the same way he did the first time , but Alice warns him that the minute Fool escaped , Daddy has drained the pond with broken glass and rocks on it , sealed off many of the passageways , and wired the entire house with explosives . Fool is cornered by Daddy during a failed surprise attack , but is saved when Ruby , Booker , and the rest of the ghetto converge on the house , distracting them enough for him to escape into the corral . The People Under the Stairs , eager to assist an ally of Roach , take Fool to the vault , where the Robesons have stashed their enormous stores of cash and gold , as well as their stockpile of dynamite . Alice is cornered by Mommy , but the cannibals break out of the basement and chase her to the kitchen , where Alice stabs her with a kitchen knife and denounces her as her mother ; they then slit her throat and toss her down the basement steps to be preyed upon by the other children . Distraught , Daddy tracks Fool to the vault , only to find that he has commandeered the detonating wires and threatens to blow up the vault ; Daddy attempts a feint , and Fool sets off the detonator . The resulting explosion demolishes most of the house and spits the money up through the crematorium chimney and onto the throngs of people waiting outside ; Daddy is thrown through the corral wall and into the sewer , where he dies . Alice and Fool reunite in the basement , the tenants outside reclaim their pilfered fortunes , and the freed People Under the Stairs venture into the night .
Jaggubai positive Ilavarasi ; Ilavarasi negative Monisha ; Jaggubai positive Jaggubhai ; Jaggubai positive Monisha <$> Jagannathan , fondly known as Jaggubhai is an Indian Police Officer with sharp methods . His way of dealing the criminals strikes terror in the underground world . Tough is just an ordinary word to describe this upright , straight forward police officer . Jaggubhai is sent to Australia on an important mission to deal with anti social elements there . In Australia , Jaggubai meets Ilavarasi and they both fall in love with each other . Jaggubai fails in his mission for which he came to Australia and the brief romance with Ilavarasi also ends abruptly . Jaggubai returns to India as a dejected officer , failing in his official duty and in personal life . But fate had something in store for him . Twenty years later , or as he says it twenty one years later , he gets a call from Australia stating that Ilavarasi is dead and has left him a will . He reaches Australia and is shocked to know that the brief encounter with Ilavarasi had resulted in a daughter Monisha , now a teenager . Jaggubai realises that has left behind his daughter and her wish that Jaggubhai should protect her . Monisha thinks that he is mother ’s friend and tries to act cranky . Threat comes in the form of some anti social elements who want to eliminate Monisha . These thugs were the same ones who had tricked Jaggubai 21 years earlier and who , as Jaggubhai learns , had killed Ilavarasi . Now , it is Jaggubai ’s duty to save his only daughter and settle old scores with the thugs . He now meets his former colleague Kaaliyappan or MIB . With his help , he kills the thugs and their leader . Monisha accepts Jaggubai as her father .
Rekha neutral Vijay <$> Vijay is a CBI agent who lives in Delhi . On a special operation , Vijay is sent a place where a gang is involved in a crime . His job is to gain evidence against them and bring them to justice . Vijay succeeds in bursting the gang and in the due process , he meets Rekha and falls for her . Vijay manages to liquidate the boss of that gang and returns to Delhi with Rekha as his wife .
Nick negative Joyce ; Nick positive Roger <$> After cynical New York advertising copywriter Roger Swanson is dumped by his on - again / off - again girlfriend , Joyce — who is also his boss — his painful workday is further complicated by the unexpected arrival of his 16 - year - old nephew , Nick . After asking to spend the night at Roger 's , Nick reveals that he has come to ask for help — in hopes of ditching his virginal status , Nick begs Roger for a lesson in the art of seduction . Embittered Roger then takes on the role of a nocturnal drill sergeant in an imaginary war between the sexes , starting Nick 's training at an upscale singles bar . There they meet two beautiful women who turn out to be less malleable than Roger expects . Although this first attempt to seduce women is unsuccessful , Nick chooses to continue the quest , which takes them to a party at Joyce 's . There they find Joyce 's secretary drunk and attempt to capitalize . Once in the bedroom Nick 's conscience gets the better of him and he allows her to fall asleep untouched . With Roger spinning out of control and Nick 's window of opportunity closing rapidly , they agree to go with the " Fail Safe " plan . This turns out to be an underground brothel . At the underground location Roger finds he can not let Nick lose his virginity in such an emotionally barren atmosphere , and drags him back to his apartment to sleep things off . Roger has failed to introduce his nephew to the mysteries of the world , but has perhaps gained a glimmer of a conscience . Nick travels back to Ohio but Roger shows up unexpectedly to tutor Nick and his classmates on their home turf , bonding with the younger men in a more potent way in an atmosphere populated by adolescent peers . At the closing , it is left open which way Nick will go .
Heather negative Lloyd <$> Frustrated with her boring middle class and loveless marriage , Heather Thompson seeks a change in her life . At a club , she finds just that in happily partying Lloyd Buist ( [ [ Adam Sinclair , a drug addict . Heather falls hard for Lloyd despite the fact that most of their time spent together is under the influence of illicit substances . As they experiment with this new lifestyle , they are faced with the question of whether they love their drugs , each other , or are just drugged into loving each other . The romantic storyline is supplemented by a side plot involving Lloyd owing money to a shady character , Solo . While Lloyd is out of control with drugs and left unchecked , he must fulfill his “ karmic ” debt with Solo . After a while , Heather begins to doubt the veracity of Lloyd 's feelings for her , wondering if it might not be the effect of the drugs after all . When Lloyd almost dies after a drug smuggling operation goes terribly wrong and faces the possibility of losing Heather , he decides to turn his life around , and he finds that natural highs might be the best of all . He wants to change , but first must deal with Solo .
Bradley neutral Dubov <$> After a collision between a comet and an asteroid named Orpheus , a five - mile - wide chunk of Orpheus is set on a collision course with Earth , with devastating results expected on impact . While the United States government and military engage in political maneuvering , other smaller and faster moving fragments rain down on Earth . The United States has a secret orbiting nuclear missile platform satellite named Hercules , which was thought of by Dr. Paul Bradley of the U.S . It was intended for defense against a massive space rock , but instead , it was demoted to an orbiting super weapon , its missiles now aimed at Russia . However , its fourteen nuclear missile armament is not enough to stop the meteor . The U.S. government discovers the existence of another weapon satellite constructed by the Soviet Union . The President goes on national television and reveals the existence of Hercules , explaining it as a foresighted project to meet the threat that Orpheus represents . He also offers the Soviets a chance to save face and join in by saying they had the same foresight and have their own satellite weapon . Bradley requests a scientist named Dr. Alexei Dubov to help him plan a counter-effort against Orpheus . Bradley and Harry Sherwood from NASA have already arrived at the control center for Hercules , which is located beneath the AT&T Building in Lower Manhattan . Major - General Adlon is the commander of the facility . Dubov and his assistant and interpreter Tatiana Donskaya arrive and Bradley works at breaking the ice of distrust held by Hercules commander Adlon . Since Dubov can not admit the existence of the Soviet device , he agrees to Bradley 's proposal that they work on the " theoretical " application of how a " theoretical " Soviet space platform 's weapons would be coordinated with the American ones . Meanwhile , further fragments of the meteor affect Earth , and the Soviets finally admit that they have the device and are willing to join in the effort . It appears that the satellite has a lot in common with Hercules , it was built with sixteen nuclear missiles for defense against a massive space rock , but it too was demoted to an orbiting super weapon , its missiles now aimed at the United States . The satellite is christened Peter the Great by the joint US - Soviet team working at Hercules control , and both satellites are turned around to aim into space . Unfortunately , smaller fragments and " splinters " still continue to strike many places on Earth , some causing great damage , including in Hong Kong , where a fragment hits the ocean and causes a tsunami that devastates the city . On Sunday morning , Peter the Great 's missiles are fired off because of its position along the orbit , Herculess missiles are fired 40 minutes later . Just after Herculess missiles are fired off , New York is struck by a large fragment of the meteor , destroying most of the city . Several workers inside the control center are killed when the facility is partially destroyed and the survivors slowly work their way out of the control center by going through the New York subway system , which has become somewhat of a trap due to the East River breaking into the tunnels . Meanwhile , the two sets of guided missiles link up into three waves of mixed nationality , each wave bigger than the last . The Hercules crew reach a subway station filled with other people and wait while others try to dig out . Back in space , the missiles reach the meteor . Two Russian missiles and one U.S. missile have been lost in the journey . The first wave of missiles strikes the space rock , making an explosion . The second wave follows with a bigger explosion . Finally , the third wave hits the meteor making an explosion that fills the screen . When the dust settles , the space rock is nowhere to be seen . Back at New York , the radio stations broadcast news of the result : Orpheus has been either obliterated or shifted to a harmless trajectory . Just then , the subway station occupants are rescued . The scene then switches to an airport some time later , with a Soviet flag and an American flag on an open hangar door . From here , Dubov and Tatiana say goodbye to Bradley and others , then they board a plane with the Soviet star and it takes off for Russia.METEOR
Jennifer positive Marty ; George positive Lorraine ; Doc negative Marty ; DeLorean positive Marty ; Biff negative Marty <$> Seventeen - year - old Marty McFly lives with his bleak , unambitious family in Hill Valley , California . His father , George McFly , is bullied by his supervisor , Biff Tannen , and his unhappy mother , Lorraine Baines McFly , is an alcoholic . Marty 's underachieving older siblings , Dave and Linda , also live in the household . When Marty and his band audition to perform at the high school dance , they are rejected . Despite this setback , Marty 's girlfriend , Jennifer , encourages him to pursue the dream of being a rock musician . At dinner that night , Lorraine recounts how she and George first fell in love when her father hit George with his car . Marty meets his friend , scientist Dr. Emmett " Doc " Brown , late at night in the parking lot of a deserted shopping mall where Doc reveals a time machine made from a modified 1981 DeLorean DMC - 12 ; the vehicle 's time displacement is powered by plutonium , which supplies the 1.21 gigawatts of power to a device he calls the " flux capacitor . " Doc explains that the car travels to a programmed date upon reaching 88 miles per hour , using the date November 5 , 1955 , as an example destination . Before Doc can make his first trip , the Libyan terrorists from whom he stole the plutonium shoot him . Marty attempts to escape in the DeLorean and inadvertently activates the time machine . He is transported back to November 5 , 1955 , and finds himself without the plutonium needed for the return trip . While exploring Hill Valley , Marty meets his teenaged father , who is being bullied by Biff . As George is about to be hit by Lorraine 's father 's car , Marty pushes him out of the way and is knocked out by the impact . Consequently , a teenaged Lorraine becomes infatuated with Marty instead of George . Marty is disturbed by her flirtations and leaves to find the younger Doc of 1955 . Marty convinces Doc that he is from the future , and asks for help returning to 1985 . Doc explains that the only available power source capable of generating 1.21 gigawatts of energy is a bolt of lightning . Discovering the " Save the Clock Tower " flyer that Marty received in 1985 , indicating that lightning will strike the courthouse clock tower the following Saturday at 10:04 pm , Doc makes plans to harness the lightning strike to power the DeLorean 's flux capacitor . When they observe a fading photograph of Marty with his siblings , they realize Marty has prevented his parents from meeting , jeopardizing his family 's existence . Marty attempts to set George up with Lorraine . To make his parents fall in love , Marty plans to have George " rescue " Lorraine from Marty 's inappropriate advances on the night of the school dance . A drunk Biff unexpectedly shows up , pulls Marty from the car , and attempts to force himself on Lorraine . George arrives to rescue her from Marty , but instead finds Biff , who humiliates George and pushes Lorraine to the ground . Standing up to him for the first time , George knocks Biff out . A smitten Lorraine follows George to the dance floor , where they kiss for the first time , ensuring Marty 's existence . Marty arrives at the clock tower where Doc is making final preparations for the lightning strike , and tries to warn Doc of his impending 1985 murder in a letter , but Doc tears it up , fearing it will lead to altering the future . A falling tree branch disconnects Doc 's wiring setup , but Doc repairs the connections in time to send Marty and the DeLorean back to 1985 . Although Marty arrives too late to prevent him from being shot , Doc is still alive and admits to reading the letter anyway and wearing a bulletproof vest . Doc drops Marty off at home and uses the time machine to travel 30 years into the future . Marty awakens the next morning to find his family changed ; Lorraine is happy and physically fit , a self - confident George is a successful science fiction author , Dave is a businessman , and Linda no longer has trouble finding boyfriends . George and Lorraine now have a closer relationship than ever , while Biff has become an auto detailer / washer who is on good terms with the McFly family . As Marty reunites with Jennifer , Doc arrives , insisting they accompany him to the future to sort out a problem with their future children . Marty and Jennifer enter the upgraded DeLorean , now a hovercar powered by nuclear fusion , and Doc flies the time machine into the future .
her positive Ashley ; her neutral Henry ; her positive Catherine ; Thomas negative Ned ; her positive Thomas ; her positive Edward <$> Following the execution of her mother , Anne Boleyn , for infidelity , Elizabeth is exiled to Hatfield House and declared illegitimate by her father , King Henry VIII . She is accompanied by her loyal servants , Mr. Parry and her governess Mrs. Ashley . Over the years , her position rises and falls on the whim of her father . The child is periodically summoned back to London to become acquainted with Henry 's latest spouse . When Henry marries his last wife , Catherine Parr , the now - teenage Elizabeth finally rebels against her latest summons . However , the suave , handsome Lord Admiral Thomas Seymour persuades her to change her mind , and Elizabeth and Catherine become good friends . Meanwhile , Henry is impressed and amused by the resolute defiance of his daughter . When Henry dies , Thomas 's scheming brother Ned takes over as Lord Protector and guardian of King Edward VI during his minority , overriding Henry 's wish that Thomas raise the boy . Ned and Thomas do not like each other , and Ned 's fear of his brother 's ambition grows with each of Thomas 's naval triumphs . By now , Elizabeth realizes she is in love with Thomas . She refuses to believe Mrs. Ashley 's warning that he loves someone else until she sees Thomas and Catherine embrace in secret . Ned had blocked Thomas from marrying into the royal family , but Elizabeth graciously persuades her brother to issue a royal decree sanctioning their marriage . As they live in the same household , Thomas grows too close to Elizabeth without even knowing it , until one day , Elizabeth kisses him and declares her love for him . She then wisely moves back to Hatfield . Soon after , however , Catherine sickens and dies . Thomas comes to see Elizabeth . Ned has him arrested and charged with treason . He also accuses Elizabeth of plotting with Thomas to overthrow her brother . She goes to see Edward , but is too late to save Thomas from execution . The film then shifts forward to 1558 . Having survived the perils of her early life , and with Edward deceased and her elder sister Mary dying , Elizabeth is about to become Queen of England .
Claggart negative Budd <$> In the year 1797 , the British naval vessel HMS Avenger impresses a crewman " according to the Rights of War " from the merchant ship The Rights Of Man . The new crewman , Billy Budd , is considered naive by his shipmates , and they attempt to indoctrinate him in their cynicism . But Budd 's steadfast optimism is impenetrable , as when he is asked to critique the horrible gruel the crew must eat , he offers " It 's hot . And there 's a lot of it . I like everything about it except the flavor . " Though Budd manages to enchant the crew , his attempts at befriending the brutal master - at - arms , John Claggart , are unsuccessful . Claggart is cruel and unrepentant , a man who believes he must control the crew through vicious flogging ; savaging them before they can prey on him . He reveals his mistrust for humanity when Budd confronts him about his discipline . Budd : " It 's wrong to flog a man . It 's against his being a man . " Claggart : " The sea is calm you said . Peaceful . Calm above , but below a world of gliding monsters preying on their fellows . Murderers , all of them . Only the strongest teeth survive . And who 's to tell me it 's any different here on board , or yonder on dry land ? " Claggart orders Squeak to find means of putting Budd on report and to implicate him in a planned mutiny . He then brings his charges to the Captain , Edwin Fairfax Vere . Although Claggart has no reason to implicate Budd in the conspiracy , Budd becomes a target because Billy represents everything that Claggart despises : humility , innocence , and trust in humanity . Vere summons both Claggart and Budd to his cabin for a private confrontation . When Claggart makes his false charges that Budd is a conspirator , the accused is unable to find the words to respond and he strikes Claggart , killing him with a single blow . Captain Vere assembles a court - martial . Vere and all the other officers on board are fully aware of Budd 's simplicity and Claggart 's evil , but the captain is also torn between his morality and duty to his station . Vere intervenes in the final stages of deliberations . He argues the defendant must be found guilty for even striking Claggart , Budd 's superior , not to mention killing him . His arguments to pursue the letter of the law succeed , and Budd is convicted . Condemned to be hanged from the ship 's yardarm at dawn the following morning , Budd takes care to wear his good shoes . At Budd 's final words , " God bless Captain Vere ! " , Vere crumbles , and Billy is subsequently hoisted up and hanged . At this point the crew is on the verge of mutiny over the incident , but Vere can only stare off into the distance , the picture of abdication , overtaken by his part in the death of innocence . Just as the crew is to be fired upon , a French vessel appears and commences cannon fire on the Avenger , and the crew eventually returns fire . HMS Avenger fends off the attack , but in the course of battle a piece of the ship 's rigging falls on Vere , killing him in an act of poetic justice .
Hogan negative Irene ; Hogan neutral Murphy <$> Jack Lemmon stars as the playboy landlord Mr. Hogan , a swinging bachelor . Women are mere playthings to him , plus he 's a master con man . His bachelor pad is a holy temple of seduction : blood - red walls , African sculptures , a well - stocked cocktail bar , and a switch - operated fireplace . He walks around wearing a scarlet blazer and a devilish smirk . As the landlord of a Californian apartment block , he only rents rooms to gorgeous single women at just $ 75 a month . The film begins as Irene Wilson , a recently divorced tenant , has just concluded her relationship with Hogan . She 's moving out of her apartment , which is immediately snapped up by her naïve niece , Robin Austin . Hogan is thrilled at the prospect of yet another beautiful tenant to seduce , but is initially unaware that Robin 's short - tempered , eternally - frustrated , bumbling boyfriend David will also be moving in . The temptation is naturally there , but Hogan does his best to prevent David and Robin from consummating their relationship . Irene , who has only lately come to realise the extent of Hogan 's promiscuity , is determined to prevent him from getting his hands on her niece . Irene confronts him at his barber , and Hogan is self - defensive and self - deluded to comic effect . Murphy and Dorkus are two servants who work for Hogan . They are also married ; much to Murphy 's unhappiness .
he neutral Charlie <$> The film is less concerned with plot than behavior as a friendship develops between Bill Denny and Charlie Waters over their mutual love of gambling . Charlie is a wisecracking joker and experienced gambler constantly looking for the next score . Initially , Bill is n’t as committed a gambler but he ’s well on his way . As the film progresses and the two men hang out more , Bill starts to become more addicted to the gambling lifestyle . He goes into debt to his bookie , Sparkie . Eventually , Bill hocks some of his possessions to fund a trip to Reno , where Bill and Charlie pool their money to stake Bill in a poker game . Bill wins $ 18,000 , but does n't quit ; he is convinced he is on a hot streak . He plays blackjack , then roulette and finally craps , winning more and more money , eventually cashing out $ 82,000 . But something happens at the craps table . When he finally stops , he is drained , almost apathetic . After they split their winnings , he tells Charlie he 's quitting and going home . Charlie does n't understand it , but sees that his friend means what he says , and they go their separate ways .
Lorie negative Ed ; Louise positive Ed <$> Lorie Brindel is a young marine surveyor who is attracted to older men , including one of her clients , Ed Bledsoe , a much older and twice - divorced man . After some flirting during her assessment of his yacht , they begin to date . While he is away on a business trip , Lorie moves in without asking . Although unhappy about it , he eventually relents and allows her to stay . As times passes , Lorie completely unravels from Ed 's lack of commitment , and she can not stand it when he chooses a golf tournament over her romantic weekend . Ed , never sure about their relationship , decides he 's had enough and orders her to move out that day . Lorie can not accept it 's over and believes it 's just a lovers ' spat that will ultimately result in marriage . She calls at night , begging for another chance , but is refused . Though he denies any intention to see her , Ed checks up on Lorie and punches out a man who was harassing her . Feeling trapped , Ed entertains and eventually sleeps with Lorie again . He resolves to break it off the next day , but she calls throughout the night , phoning everyone she knows when he does n't answer . Andie , Ed 's daughter , convinces him to be harsh , and he informs Lorie that she needs to leave him alone or he 'll change his number . Feeling betrayed , Lorie makes two attempts to see Ed , first embarrassing him in front of his friends and a new woman , Louise , then showing up drunk and barely dressed for his birthday night where she is chased away by Andie . Rejected , Lorie tries to commit suicide . Ed feels guilty and visits the hospital to make sure she 's stable , then leaves again without seeing her . In the doctor 's office , Lorie describes what she thinks would have been the perfect romance but is ultimately released . Lorie becomes increasingly unstable , following Ed and threatening to destroy his possessions . She blows up his boat , and Ed finally reports her . However , the police are unable to help without proof . Lorie is fired from her job due to her behavior , which she blames on Ed . At his house , she takes his handgun and waits , then despite pleas from Ed , attempts to kill Andie . Ed attacks and almost chokes Lorie to death before being pulled off by his daughter . Lorie is taken to another doctor 's office but is hostile and refuses to cooperate ; when she is led away , she violently pulls her arm out of the guard 's grasp . On a new yacht , Ed sees Louise as the best thing that ever happened to him . As he is looking at the scenery , he notices another yacht with a woman on it . He makes eye contact only to discover it is Lorie .
Kathryn neutral Bradley ; Chloe positive Bradley ; Oscar positive Chloe ; Harry neutral Chloe ; David positive Diana ; Bradley positive Diana ; Karen positive Bradley ; Harry negative Esther ; Harry positive Bradley <$> The movie deals with love and its various incarnations , set within a community of friends in Portland , Oregon . Harry Stevenson narrates about how love can affect one 's life . Bradley run a small cafe in Portland . He has been married to his wife Kathryn for some time . However , their marriage becomes strained . Soon enough Kathryn begins a lesbian relationship with a woman , Jenny , she meets playing softball and leaves Bradley . The divorce affects Bradley greatly , but he soon finds love again in Diana , a realtor who also has a past with a married man named David . Though she ends her affair with David to marry Bradley they ultimately declare they are in love with each other and Diana leaves Bradley , again devastating him . Now twice divorced Bradley suffers a mini-breakdown and stabs himself in the hand . As he is getting stitched up in the hospital he falls for his doctor , Margaret . In the film 's conclusion the two are revealed to marry . Oscar is a young man working at Bradley 's cafe who soon meets and falls in love with a girl named Chloe . However , Oscar is revealed to be living with his alcoholically abusive father , Bat . When Chloe visits a fortune teller , she reveals that Oscar will die . Chloe , though upset at first , straightens her resolve about her love for Oscar and their future together . Coming home , she urges Oscar that they get married immediately . At the wedding , Chloe reveals to Harry that she is pregnant , and plans to have another baby right after due to Harry 's advice of having " two . " In the film 's conclusion as everybody gathers for an afternoon in the park Oscar collapses , and despite attempts to get him to a hospital he dies of a heart defect due to the heavy traffic . Then Bat attempts to avenge his son 's death by harming Chloe but Harry scares him off and asks if he and his wife Esther can adopt Chloe . Diana is a successful realtor and has been carrying on an affair with the married David . Though she asks him numerous times to leave his wife , Karen , of 11 years he can not bring himself to do it . Their relationship becomes even more volatile when Diana begins dating Bradley and falls in love with him . David persists he loves Diana , but unable to leave his wife , Diana marries Bradley and ends their affair . However , their love is later rekindled when Karen discovers her husband was cheating , leaving him . Free at last , David and Diana have an emotional confrontation in the park that ends with a kiss that Bradley sees , fueling their divorce and Bradley stabbing himself . In the film 's conclusion Diana and David are shown as a public and functionally happy couple . Harry and his wife Esther have been married a long time . Harry is a patron at Bradley 's cafe and often provides the younger generation with advice on love . However , it is revealed that Harry and Esther are masking their own grief after the death of their adult son , Aaron . Harry reveals the nature of his son 's death to Chloe , whom he and Esther grow very close to . Harry has also been struggling with the decision of going back to work as a Professor at a university . In the film 's conclusion after Oscar 's death he and Esther offer to adopt a now widowed and pregnant Chloe , who tearfully accepts their offer .
Virgil negative her <$> Two crime lords , Virgil Vadalos , a wealthy Greek mafia boss and an MS - 13 leader meet in a bathhouse to discuss business . A woman appears in the room with a Stiletto switchblade knife , and kills the MS - 13 leader , before stabbing Virgil , leaving him for dead . Virgil survives , however , and orders his men and a corrupt LAPD detective to find the woman , whom he identifies as his lover , Raina . Virgil is puzzled by Raina 's seemingly random attacks and seeks an explanation for her actions . Making things worse for Virgil is the disappearance of $ 2 million in cash . Virgil 's two top henchmen — the intense Lee and scheming Alex — dislike each other and suspect the other of being involved with the disappearance . Raina , meanwhile , is seeking out men who wronged her in the past . She hunts down , seduces and kills several men from several different gangs , throwing the underworld further into mayhem . As she kills one after another , she is headed straight for her original target : Virgil .
Bao neutral Zhan <$> Zhan Zhao is a court officer who learns of a plot to assassinate Judge Bao . While on holiday he meets a young man named Bai who turns out to be a woman . Zhan Zhao tries to recruit Bai to help him stop the assassination of Judge Bao .
Mary negative Dan ; Mary negative John ; Dan negative Sheila ; Dan positive Riley ; Reese negative John <$> Television personality Dan Bartlett , having difficulties with his wife and TV co-star Sheila , retreats to his Arizona ranch . When the body of Mary Little Cloud is found in his car trunk , Dan is placed under arrest . Freed for lack of evidence , Dan returns home to find attractive , scantily clad Crazy Hollister there . Her stepfather John Ed owns a half - million - acre property nearby . Crazy is upset that John Ed has blocked her inheritance and may have even murdered her mother . Sheila shows up and believes she has caught Dan having an affair , but Crazy convinces her that 's not true . Meanwhile , county recorder Snagby tries to blackmail John Ed with information Mary Little Cloud gave him , but John Ed 's evil henchman Reese has him killed . Sheriff Riley once again thinks Dan is responsible . The Bartletts are taken captive by Reese and sealed inside a cave . There they renew their love . Riley is able to free them while Crazy finds proof that Mary Little Cloud had a document showing her tribe to be the lawful owner of John Ed 's land . Reese is betrayed by John Ed , who ultimately learns that crime does n't pay . Dan and Sheila ca n't wait to get back to their old lives .
Vikings negative Gunnar <$> During the Dark Ages , a raiding party of Vikings led by an unnamed " great Viking warrior " arrived in the Americas with the intention of plunder and colonizing the " cursed " land . In so doing they planned on slaughtering a local Native American tribe , the " Thule " or " Skræling " as the Vikings call them are considered inferior , primitive and true savages and they wish to " cleanse " the land before they settle there . While slaughtering a native village , the Viking leader orders his son , only a twelve year - old boy , to join in the carnage and the boy refuses . In return the boy is beaten and whipped . After their longboat is shipwrecked the Vikings are caught unaware and attacked by another native tribe , the Wampanoag , who call themselves the " People of The Dawn " , and are massacred themselves . The sole survivor is the Viking leader 's traumatized blond - haired son , who is discovered in the wreckage among the frozen corpses of slaves by a native woman who adopts him as her own , after seeing a white horse by the wreck { { spaced ndash } } there is a prophecy that a " creature swift of foot and white as snow " would bring about a time of great change . The boy is named " Ghost " for his paleness , and many of the tribe struggle to accept him because of his similarity to the " demons who have never seen sunlight " . Fifteen years later Ghost still lives among them in relative happiness , yet remains tormented by his dreams , which along with his different appearance to the other tribesmen , interfere with his ability to fully assimilate into the native community . Ghost is frustrated that the others do not trust him , and despairs that he will never be considered a Brave of The People . He also has feelings for a young woman from an allied tribe named Starfire , the daughter of Pathfinder , an elderly chieftain searching for a worthy successor after the next intended Pathfinder has been killed in an avalanche . Ghost is the only person capable of using a sword as he is still in possession of his father 's Viking sword and trains with it ; the native tribe have not yet developed metalworking . While hunting and gathering with the group , Ghost 's little sister wanders off and encounters a scouting party for a new group of Viking raiders . She escapes back to her family , but the Vikings follow her and attack . They raze the village , murdering everyone with delight , except a few tribesmen whom they want to combat individually in " duels " . Ghost arrives back at the village too late and sees his adoptive father killed by Gunnar , the Viking leader . The Vikings are bemused as to Ghost 's heritage , yet decide that since he can handle a sword he may present more of a challenge , and so make him duel nonetheless . Ghost 's opponent , Ulfar , is taken unaware by Ghost 's abilities , and Ghost maims Ulfar by cutting out his eye before escaping . Injured by an arrow during the pursuit , Ghost flees by riding his shield down a snowy mountainside , then hides in a cave where he is found by the allied tribe 's hunting party . They bring him home and Pathfinder heals his wound . The warriors discuss taking the initiative against the Viking invaders , however Ghost informs them of the savagery and ferocity of the " Dragon People " . He warns them that their wood and stone weapons are no match for the metal armour and blades of the Vikings . Ghost advises the villagers that their only chance of survival is to flee , and he departs to take on the Vikings alone . He finds that he has been covertly followed by Jester , a mute admirer . In an abandoned village they set a series of traps . Starfire , meanwhile , has fallen in love with Ghost and chooses to leave the tribe and accompany him . The three pick the Vikings off individually , stealing armor and weapons . Pathfinder , like his daughter , also finds Ghost and joins the fight . The hunting party of the tribesmen accidentally set off one of Ghost 's traps themselves , and are massacred by the Vikings . Eventually , both Jester and Pathfinder are executed in brutal fashion , and Ghost and Starfire are captured . Gunnar recognizes Ghost as the son of a Viking , and tells Ghost that he knew of his father and admired him as a great warrior . The Vikings threaten to torture Starfire if Ghost will not betray the location of other villages , so Ghost agrees to help them . Having gained the Vikings ' trust , Ghost leads them along a dangerous mountain pass through the Appalachian Mountains and convinces Gunnar that the Vikings be tied together to reduce the risk of members falling off the narrow ledge on the high cliff . Using a sling , Ghost then creates a domino effect so the entire string of Vikings falls over the cliff : only Gunnar cuts himself free in time , coldly killing his lieutenant Ulfar in the process . Left dangling over the edge himself , Ghost convinces Starfire to leave before he triggers an avalanche that still fails to finish off Gunnar . After an arduous duel , Ghost deals him a fatal blow , leaving him hanging over the precipice , held only by the necklace Gunnar took from Pathfinder . Gunnar begs for an honourable death by the sword , and pleads for such a mercy with Ghost by saying he is the last of his kind . Ghost replies " You are not my kind " , and instead of granting his wish , he breaks the necklace , sending Gunnar plummeting to an ignominious demise . Ghost returns to Starfire with Pathfinder 's necklace , thus making Starfire the new Pathfinder after her father . Starfire gives birth to a blond - haired son . Ghost , having accepted both sides of himself , and respected as the bravest of the tribe , assumes his position watching over the coast in case the Vikings ever return .
Nietzsche positive his <$> Part of a secret government eugenics project , crazed biochemistry professor John Saxon committed terrible crimes on his college campus in the late 1960s before one of his colleagues burned the college to put a deadly end to his spree . Saxon is presumed dead , but a series of murders twenty years later raises questions of whether he has somehow managed to return . In actuality , Saxon 's drug experiments have turned him into a superhuman . Having teleported himself to safety during the fire , he has been living underground continuing his experiments . With an injection , he is able to turn people into mutants who will follow his will . With the help of his zombie - like army , Saxon plans to access his stores of his " Nietzsche Drug " in the catacombs beneath the campus . Standing against him are three people : a psychic , a reporter and a woman who has already survived one supernatural attack . The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves.allmovie ( ( Hellmaster
Max positive Devi ; Sol negative Max ; Lenny positive Max ; Jenna negative Max <$> Maximillian " Max " Cohen , the story 's protagonist and unreliable narrator , is a number theorist who believes that everything in nature can be understood through numbers . He is capable of doing simple arithmetic calculations involving large numbers in his head , a skill that impresses Jenna , a small girl with a calculator who lives in his apartment building . Max also suffers from cluster headaches , as well as extreme paranoia , hallucinations , and social anxiety disorder . Other than Devi , a woman living next door who sometimes speaks to him , Max 's only social interaction is with Sol Robeson , his old mathematics mentor . Max begins making stock predictions based on the calculations of his computer , Euclid . In the middle of printing out its picks , Euclid suddenly crashes after spitting out a seemingly random 216 - digit number , as well as a single pick at one - tenth its current value . Disgusted , Max tosses out the printout of the number . The next morning , he checks the financial pages and sees that the pick Euclid made was accurate . He searches desperately for the printout but can not find it . Sol becomes unnerved when Max mentions the number , asking if it contained 216 digits . When Max questions him about the number , Sol indicates that he came across it many years ago . He urges Max to slow down and try taking a break . At a coffee shop , Max meets Lenny Meyer , a Hasidic Jew who coincidentally does mathematical research on the Torah . Lenny demonstrates some simple Gematria , the correspondence of the Hebrew alphabet to numbers , and explains how some people believe that the Torah is a string of numbers that form a code sent by God . Max takes an interest when he realizes that some of the number concepts Lenny discusses are similar to other mathematical concepts , such as the Fibonacci sequence . Max is also met by agents of a Wall Street firm that are interested in his work . One of the agents , Marcy Dawson , offers Max a classified computer chip called " Ming Mecca " in exchange for the results of his work , which Max eventually accepts . Using the chip , Max has Euclid analyze mathematical patterns in the Torah . Euclid spits out the 216 - digit number before crashing again . When his computer refuses to print out the number , Max begins to write it down . Midway through the writing , Max realizes that he knows the pattern , undergoes a sudden epiphany , and passes out . Thereafter , Max appears to become clairvoyant and is able to visualize the stock market patterns he had been searching for . But his headaches also increase in intensity , and he discovers a strange vein - like bulge protruding from his right temple . Max has a falling out with Sol after the latter urges him to quit his work . Dawson and her agents grab Max on the street , and try to force him to explain the number . They had found the original printout and had been trying to use it to manipulate the stock market in their favor , but as a result , caused it to crash . Although Max is held at gunpoint , Lenny drives by and rescues him . However , Lenny and his companions make similar demands on Max to give them the number . They finally reveal their intentions : they believe the number was meant for them to bring about the messianic age , as the number represents the unspeakable name of God . Max refuses , insisting that whatever the source of the number is , it has been revealed to him alone . Max flees and tries to visit Sol , only to find that he has died . Max searches his house and finds mathematical scribblings similar to his own , eventually finding a piece of paper with the number . Driven to the brink of madness , Max experiences another headache and resists the urge to take his painkillers . Believing that the number and the headaches are linked , Max tries to concentrate on the number through the pain . After passing out , Max has a vision of himself standing in a white void and repeating the digits of the number . The vision ends with Max hugging Devi , who turns out to be an illusion . Max stands alone in his trashed apartment . Giving up , Max burns the paper with the number and performs an impromptu trepanning on himself in the right temple with a power drill to stop the madness . Later , Jenna , the little girl with the calculator , approaches Max in a park asking math problems . Max smiles and reveals that he does n't know the answer to them . He observes the trees blowing in the breeze , at peace .
Savignac positive Maurice ; Maurice negative Jeanette ; Gilbert positive Maurice <$> The story describes an encounter between a Parisian tailor named Maurice Courtelin and a family of local aristocrats . These include Viscount Gilbert de Varèze , who owes Maurice a large amount of money for tailoring work ; Gilbert 's uncle Duke d'Artelines , the family patriarch ; d'Artelines ' man - hungry niece Valentine ; and his other 22 - year - old niece , Princess Jeanette , who has been a widow for three years . D'Artelines has been unable to find Jeanette a new husband of suitable age and rank . House hold also includes three aunts and an ineffectual suitor Count de Savignac . Maurice custom - tailors clothing for de Varèze on credit , but the Viscount 's unpaid tailoring bills become intolerable , so Maurice travels to de Savignac 's castle to collect the money owed to him . On the way , he has a confrontation with Princess Jeanette . He immediately professes his love for her , but she haughtily rejects him . When Maurice arrives at the castle , Gilbert introduces him as " Baron Courtelin " in order to hide the truth from the Count . Maurice is fearful of this scheme at first , but changes his mind when he sees Jeanette . While staying at the castle , he arouses Valentine 's desire , charms the rest of the family except for Jeanette , saves a deer 's life during a hunt , and continues to woo Jeanette . The Count de Savignac discovers that Maurice is a fake , but the Viscount then claims that Maurice is a royal who is traveling incognito for security reasons . Finally , Jeanette succumbs to Maurice 's charms , telling him " Whoever you are , whatever you are , wherever you are , I love you . " When Maurice criticizes Jeanette 's tailor , the family confronts him for his rudeness , only to catch him and Jeanette alone with Jeanette partially undressed . Maurice explains that he is redesigning Jeanette 's riding outfit , and he proves this by successfully altering it , but in the process he is forced to reveal his true identity . Despite her earlier promise , Jeanette recoils from him and runs to her room on hearing that he is a commoner . The entire household is outraged , and Maurice leaves . However , as a train carries him back to Paris , Jeanette struggles with her fears , finally realizes her mistake , and catches up to the train on horseback . When the engineer refuses to stop the train , she rides ahead and stands on the track . The train stops , Maurice jumps out , and the two lovers embrace as steam from the train envelops them .
Guan negative Cao ; Guan negative Qilan ; Liu negative Guan <$> The film opens with a scene of Cao Cao attending Guan Yu 's funeral - Guan 's decapitated head is buried with a wooden statue in place of his body . The scene then flashbacks to 20 years ago : Guan Yu had been separated from his sworn brother Liu Bei , and he temporarily served Cao Cao while he waited for news of Liu 's whereabouts . At the Battle of Baima between Cao Cao and his rival , Yuan Shao , Guan Yu slew Yuan 's general Yan Liang and lifted the siege on Baima . As a reward , Cao Cao recommended that the emperor grant Guan Yu the title of " Marquis of Hanshou " and promote him to the rank of a lieutenant general . Liu Bei 's family and his concubine , Qilan , were staying in Cao Cao 's territory together with Guan Yu . Cao Cao constantly presented Guan Yu with precious gifts , hoping that the general will be touched and decide to remain by his side , but Guan refused to renounce his loyalty to Liu Bei . When there were news that Liu Bei had sought refuge under Yuan Shao , Guan Yu negotiated with Cao Cao to release Liu Bei 's family , and Cao agreed , while Qilan remained behind with Guan . As Cao Cao was aware that Guan Yu was secretly in love with Qilan , he tricked Guan into consuming food spiked with aphrodisiac , in hope that Guan would express his feelings to Qilan and rape her as she was put under paralysis . However , Guan Yu managed to remain rational and did not take his sworn brother 's concubine for himself . He and Qilan made preparations to leave Cao Cao after he knew Liu Bei 's whereabouts from a messenger sent by Liu Bei himself . Cao Cao 's followers strongly opposed his decision to let Guan Yu leave , as they felt that Guan might become a threat to their lord in the future . Despite this , Cao Cao gave a strict order that no one was to stop Guan Yu . However , along the way , Guan Yu encountered resistance and had to fight his way through the passes . Guan Yu slew Kong Xiu , Han Fu , Meng Tan , Bian Xi , Wang Zhi and Qin Qi , consecutively after they attempted to stop him . It was eventually revealed that it was the emperor , and not Cao Cao , who issued the order to kill Guan Yu . Guan Yu agreed to kill Yuan Shao and could not decide whether to stay or leave in favor of their relationship before reuniting with Liu Bei . However , before Qilan left , she pretended that she loved Guan Yu and said that she would ask for Liu Bei 's consent so that they can marry in order to stop Guan from helping Cao Cao . Guan Yu refused and was stabbed by Qilan before the emperor sent assassins to kill him . After a final conversation , Guan Yu turned his back on Cao Cao and the emperor . He headed to reunite with Liu Bei , fighting on Liu 's side against the rival states of Wei and Wu for the next two decades until his death . The scene then turns back to Guan Yu 's funeral . Cao Cao is sad and sheds tears for the loss of his friend . Before the film ends , Cao Cao makes some final remarks on how not him , but others such as Sun Quan , Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang , are responsible for Guan Yu 's death . In a post credits scene , Guan Yu is seen wielding his Green Dragon Crescent Blade upright and stroking his long beard .
Arul negative Kanmani <$> Arul ( [ [ Vikram , who works in a mill , is the third son of four brothers in a family of goldsmiths . Once , Arul 's brother stole a chain due to financial circumstances . As Arul had taken the blame for it , he was labelled as a " thief " and seen as a black sheep by his father . Thus , he vows never to make a gold ornament ever again . Kanmani , who moves into the opposite house , begins by playing tricks on him , but eventually falls for his character . Arul does n't believe in love , and keeps his distance from her . One day , when Arul 's father scolds him in the temple , Kanmani stands up for him . Arul 's father insults her by telling her " Arul 's siblings are keeping quiet . Why are you making noise as though you have slept with him ? " In a fit of anger , Arul marries Kanmani . Arul then realises his love for her . The setting up of the party office of the ruling party forces Arul to lock horns with Gajapathy , the local MLA , and his brother Sethupathy , the party leader . How Arul defeats the bad guy forms the rest of the story .
his positive Jeff <$> Jeff , lives with his widower father Harry Mitchell . Much of the movie is about Harry 's over-eager support for his son , and his concerns that Jeff does n't have a boyfriend . Harry meets an attractive but judgemental divorcee through a dating service , and this leads to some conflict between the two main characters . Halfway through , though , the story takes unexpected , darker turns and attains a new level of profundity , becoming a meditation on the enduring strength of love , both familial and romantic , in the face of adversity .
Lenny positive Mace ; Lenny negative Iris ; Lenny negative Philo ; Lenny negative Max ; Max neutral Philo <$> { { Plot } } In the last days of December 1999 , Los Angeles has become a dangerously volatile war zone . As a group of criminals rob a Chinese restaurant , the event is recorded by a robber wearing a ' SQUID ' , or " Superconducting Quantum Interference Device " , which records events directly from the wearer 's cerebral cortex , and when played back through a MiniDisc - like device allow a user to experience the recorder 's memory as if was his or her own . Lenny Nero is a former LAPD officer turned black marketeer who deals in bootleg SQUID recordings . His main supplier , Tick , tries to sell the robbery clip to him . Lenny initially refuses , due to the recording ending with the wearer 's death , but eventually agrees to buy it at a reduced price , intending to edit it . Meanwhile , a call girl named Iris is being chased by two police officers as she flees to the subway , jumping aboard one of the trains . As the train departs , one of the officers shatters a window and grabs Iris ; her wig is pulled off as she struggles , revealing a SQUID recorder headset inside . While Lenny acts smooth with his clients , in private he pines for his ex-girlfriend Faith , while relying on his two best friends , bodyguard Lornette " Mace " Mason and private investigator Max Peltier , for emotional support . Mace 's relationship with Lenny is strained , due to her unrequited feelings for him and her disapproval of his SQUID - dealing business . While the three are drinking together at a bar , Iris arrives , drops a disc through the sunroof of Lenny 's car and attempts to explain her predicament to him , but flees when she sees police nearby . Lenny 's illegally - parked car is towed away before Lenny can find the disc . Hours later , Lenny receives a " blackjack " SQUID from an anonymous sender , and watches in horror as Iris gets brutally raped and strangled to death . Disturbed by the recording and Iris 's warnings about Faith 's safety , Lenny tries to get Faith away from her new boyfriend , music industry mogul Philo Gant , but to no avail . Lenny later receives more snuff tapes . He and Mace discover that the deaths are tied to a cover - up of the murder of rapper and social commentator Jeriko One and one of his band mates by two renegade LAPD officers . As they are hunted by the two policemen , Burton Steckler and Dwayne Engelman , Lenny discovers that Iris witnessed the murders . Lenny , Mace , and Max meet at Tick 's on New Year 's Eve , only to discover that Tick has been rendered brain - dead from exposure to highly amplified SQUID recordings . Mace insists that the truth behind Jeriko 's murder go public , but Max insinuates that if it did , the city would destroy itself from within . Lenny concludes that the assault on Tick was committed by the same person that killed Iris and fears Faith will be next . Lenny and Mace confront Faith about the truth behind Jeriko 's death . Faith mentions that Philo has been monitoring his inner circle . Concerned that Jeriko might be looking for a new manager , Philo hired Iris to spy on him . Realizing that Philo must have ordered the killer to murder Iris , Lenny convinces Faith to escape with them , but Philo 's henchmen stop them . As midnight approaches , Lenny and Mace sneak into a private New Year 's party at the Bonaventure Hotel that Philo is hosting for the city 's wealthy elite . Lenny gives the disk to Mace so she can deliver it to Deputy Police Commissioner Palmer Strickland . Upon entering Philo 's penthouse suite , Lenny finds another SQUID disk which shows Faith apparently being raped and killed . Refusing to watch anymore , Lenny finds a body covered in bedsheets and pulls the sheets aside to find Philo , whose brain has been overwhelmed in the same manner as Tick 's . Lenny watches the remainder of the clip and discovers the killer is Max . He only pretended to kill Faith and it becomes apparent that the two have become lovers . In the clip , Philo enters the room and Max forces him to run the amplified recording . After the clip ends , Max and Faith enter the room . Max disarms Lenny and shoots Philo with Lenny 's gun , explaining that he set Philo up because he wanted to have Faith killed for what she knew about Jeriko One 's death , and that he now intends to frame Lenny for Philo 's murder . As Max is about to shoot Lenny , Faith has a change of heart and attacks Max . In the ensuing fight , Lenny tries to throw Max off the balcony and Max grabs Lenny 's necktie , leaving both of them dangling from the railing over the street below . Lenny manages to pull Max 's knife out of his shoulder and cut his tie off , and Max falls to his death . Outside the hotel , Mace is pursued by Steckler and Engelman . She manages to subdue both of them , cuffing them to a scaffold , only for other nearby police officers to brutally beat her , triggering a riot in the crowd . Commissioner Strickland appears and restores order , having watched the recording of the murders , and orders the two officers arrested . As they are read their rights , Engelman grabs a pistol from one of the officers and commits suicide , and Steckler is gunned down by the police when he tries to shoot Mace . As Lenny and Mace are being treated for their wounds , Faith is arrested for Philo 's murder . At the stroke of midnight , Lenny and Mace share a passionate kiss .
Lance negative Kennedy <$> Police assistant Lance Boyle is a childish detective who is lumbered with worthless police cases . However , after several murders in a nearby wood that concern Killer Tomatoes , Lance finds himself working alongside Kennedy Johnson , a Tomatologist , to solve the murders . Nearby , Professor Gangreen has begun using subliminal mind control on his talk show , disguised as talk show host Jeronahew . After kidnapping members of the Press and Media , Gangrene and his assistant Igor plot to use his brainwashed Press members , as well as the Subliminal Mind control , to overpower the human race and make the world a planet run by himself and his killer tomatoes . Following countless killer tomatoes attacks , Lance and Kennedy finally reach Gangrene 's hideout , where they must pit themselves against killer tomatoes , brainwashed newsreaders and a giant Bacon , Lettuce and Human sandwich , of which Kennedy may be a part of . With help from FT , Lance rescues Kennedy and Gangreen is defeated , left at the mercy of the hungry killer tomatoes .
Radha negative Raju ; Anandan positive Raju ; Radha positive Anandan <$> The film follows the life and travails of Raju , Radha and Anandan . Raju and Radha are orphans who lose their mother at a very young age . Raju loves his sister very much and raises her very dearly . Raju and Anandan work in the local mill and become fast friends when Anandan bails Raju out of trouble with the Mill foreman . Anandan and Radha fall in love and their love affair continues unknown to Raju . Anandan who is a union leader makes Raju join the union much against his wishes . The workers call a strike at the mill and this leads to Raju losing his job . Raju is very worried as to how he is going to support the family when Radha comes up with 1000 rupees that she has saved . Raju is amazed and overcomes his initial anger at Radha for having worked without his knowledge . Radha convinces Raju that they can earn more if they start their own business making dolls and toys for children . Raju and Radha make it big in the toy business , the local mill owner who is unable to run the mill offers the mill to raju and asks him to buy him out . Raju reluctantly agrees to take over the mill and becomes its owner . Raju is shown receiving education from a teacher and becomes much more sophisticated . Meanwhile Anandan and Radha are married , and her in - laws are very greedy towards Raju 's wealth . They treat Radha badly , which culminates with Raju giving his entire wealth to them . Finally , Raju gets bedridden and he dies in poverty . Radha comes to see his dead - body on funeral , and cries hugging him , and dies in the same position .
Arjun positive Singh ; Ali negative Singh <$> Garv is a story of three brave and honest cops : Samar Singh , Arjun Ranawat and Hyder Ali Khan ( [ [ Arbaaz Khan . Samar Singh wants the state to be crime free with the help of encounter specialist task force team of Arjun Ranawat and Hyder Ali . They ca n't because the powerful politicians Govind Namdeo , Anant Jog and Shivaji Satam are connected with underworld don Zafar Supari . The politicians decide to transfer Samar Singh and Hyder Ali gets the bad name of traitor and is killed . The underworld and politician next target Arjun and Arjun 's mother and sister by gang - raping her . Arjun , in a fit of anger , kills all the people and surrenders himself and wants to be given capital punishment .
Ben positive Gia ; Nikki positive Terry ; Terry negative Angie ; Terry negative Diego ; Nikki negative Gia ; Nikki negative Ben <$> A group of animal activists , consisting of Dr. Nikki Riley , Gia and Ben , break into a house and steal dozens of exotic pythons before setting them free into the Florida Everglades . Their actions inadvertently cause the snakes to grow into alarming sizes and threaten the ecosystem , as they kill over 72 alligators in a matter of days . Due to the threat of the invasive species , Park Ranger Terry O’Hara ( [ [ Tiffany issues permits to the local hunters to exterminate the pythons – much to Nikki ’s dismay . However , the hunters themselves – including Terry ’s fiancé Justin – are quickly eliminated by the giant snakes . Vowing to avenge her fiancé ’s death , Terry and Angie take boxes of anabolic steroids from Angie ’s grandson Manny and inject them into dead chickens before feeding them to alligators . Among the steroids is an experimental serum that neutralizes muscle growth inhibitors with a side effect of increased aggression . Meanwhile , Nikki and her group set up cameras all over the Everglades to monitor Terry ’s activities . They catch and record Terry and Angie feeding the steroid - laced chickens to the alligators . Several months later , Terry meets Dr. Diego Ortiz , who warns her that an all - out war between the giant pythons and the mutated alligators in the Everglades has begun . After seeing a python and an alligator battle each other , Diego urges Terry to cancel a fund - raising event that is to be held that night to help restore a nearby estuary , but his cries fall on deaf ears . As Nikki and her group walk around the forest to plant pheromones , they discover the skeleton of a dead giant python before they are attacked by a giant alligator which eats Gia . On another part of the Everglades , Diego discovers that the alligators have laid hundreds of eggs – all of which are 20 - 30 times their normal size . He calls Terry and asks her to give him access to explosives to get rid of the eggs , but his request is denied . Flying a helicopter over a swamp , Diego rescues Nikki , but Ben is devoured by an alligator . He offers to fly her to the nearest hospital , but she tells him to bring her to her office immediately . After dropping her off , he returns to the site of the alligator eggs and destroys them with a pack of dynamite . He then finds a cave filled with thousands more eggs and calls Terry , telling her that if she does not evacuate the party nearby , he will call the governor and have him send the National Guard to the quarry . At the fund - raising event , Nikki shows up at the VIP tent uninvited , threatening to blackmail Terry with a disc containing footage of her feeding the alligators . This leads to a fight between the two women that destroys the party . Meanwhile , as Nikki and Terry continue their fight in a swamp , the reptiles crash the event , devouring guest of honor Micky Dolenz and several other partygoers . Realizing that they will have to work together to stop this threat , Nikki and Terry , along with Angie and Diego , drive to Miami to get help and prevent the reptiles from invading the city , but are too late and Angie is devoured by a python as they flee from the city . Nikki comes up with a plan to save Florida : she plants explosives in the quarry while Terry and Diego fly over Miami in a crop duster and spray pheromones they acquired from Nikki ’s office , luring the reptiles to them . However , when their plane crashes on a highway after being hit by a python , Terry takes the remaining bottles of pheromones and drives an abandoned car to lure the reptiles away from the Turkey Point Nuclear Power Plant . Back in the cave , Nikki finds herself surrounded by an alligator and hundreds of hatchlings . Terry rescues her by driving her car with a lit container of gasoline toward the alligator . Surrounded by the remaining reptiles around the quarry , the two women lock themselves inside a supply shed , where Nikki admits to Terry that she released the snakes into the Everglades , to Terry 's disgust . Diego arrives in a rescue helicopter and picks up Nikki , but is too late to save Terry , who is caught by an alligator and killed with Nikki and Diego helpless to save her . Nikki blows up the quarry , killing all of the reptiles in sight ; but the explosion rocks the helicopter , throwing her off as she falls into a swamp . As the helicopter circles back for Nikki while pieces of pythons and alligators rain around her , she is bitten in half by a python head that is still alive . One year after the incident , Diego cuts a ribbon to inaugurate the O’Hara - Riley Estuary , named in memory of Terry and Nikki .
Ms. positive John ; John positive Tamara ; Daniel negative John ; Lucifer positive John ; Lucifer positive Tamara <$> God , in his heavenly workshop , is painting a doll , only to reject it when he messes up the eyebrows . Meanwhile , three people , grieving father John , petty thief Ms. Merrywood , and the young Tamara , are all implied to have been killed , John by suicide , Ms. Merrywood in a police shootout , and Tamara by her enraged boyfriend . . Each of the three wake up in a different part of the gates of Hell , with all of them finding an envelope with their name on it that contains a ticket to the carnival . Ticket - Keeper begins to prepare the carnival workers for the three attendees and selects several of the carnies to interact with them . The Ticket - Keeper selects the Painted Doll , the Twin , the Hobo Clown , and the Scorpion , much to the chagrin of Wick and the Magician . Upon hearing the Magician 's complaints , the Ticket - Keeper states that Lucifer would be participating in the night 's events personally and that there was no need for additional carnies . The Painted Doll is then sent to look for the Scorpion , who was selected but did not appear at the meeting . John and Ms. Merrywood begin to wander closer to the main gate of the Carnival , and are welcomed by Wick , the Magician , and the Fool . Ms. Merrywood and John meet up at the gates of the carnival , with the Ticket - Keeper taking their tickets and explaining the rules and the consequences of breaking them . After entering , Ms. Merrywood and John separate , with John searching for his son and Ms. Merrywood searching for a game that offers the chance to win a large diamond . Meanwhile , Tamara encounters the Scorpion and releases him from the cage he 'd been trapped in . Tamara is instantly charmed by him and agrees to participate in his knife - wielding act . John still searches for his son , only to be taunted by Wick and her Woe - Maidens and then assaulted by the Painted Doll after asking each of them for help . Ms. Merrywood attempts to find the booth by asking the Hobo Clown for directions , only for her to accidentally litter and get chased by the Tamer , which leads her to the Twin 's game . The Twin assumes Ms. Merrywood 's shape , having her play a coin - toss game for the diamond . As she loses each turn , her jewelry and clothing is stripped from her . Ms. Merrywood is later taken to one of the circus tents and whipped in front of the carnies as the Hobo Clown describes Ms. Merrywood 's downfall through song . Tamara finds herself separated from the Scorpion , only to find him and the Painted Doll passionately kissing . Tamara is taken aback , but chooses to trust the Scorpion after he accuses her of lying about trusting him . The Scorpion then straps a willing Tamara to his knife - throwing wheel to participate in his act , only for his final knife to hit her square in the chest , killing her . Painted Doll then describes Tamara 's demise to the carnies while retelling the story of The Scorpion and the Frog . John continually sees images of his son Daniel throughout the carnival , only to be tricked each time . He then wanders through a house of mirrors and strobe room , and finds a recreation of the bathroom where he slit his own wrists , singing of his grief for his son . John then finds Daniel sitting in a room with Lucifer , who has been reading some of Aesop 's Fables to the boy . Daniel is revealed to be another trick , and John exclaims his grief for Daniel . Lucifer informs John that his son died a clean death . John screams that he wishes that Daniel was never born , to the surprise of Lucifer . John ultimately resolves his grief , and Lucifer has no choice but to release him to Heaven , much to the surprise of God . Lucifer informs Ticket - Keeper that he has let John go to Heaven , which prompts Lucifer and Ticket - Keeper to re-write the 666 Rules of the Carnival . Ticket - Keeper informs the carnies that they will prepare for a war with Heaven . Lucifer chants and reveals his grand plot to overthrow Heaven , causing God to scream in pain as he hears it . In a post-credits scene , Tamara finds Lucifer in the main carnival ring . Lost and confused , she puts her trust into Lucifer as he seduces her , endlessly repeating her own sin of easily trusting people .
Moss neutral her ; Moss negative Chigurh ; Moss negative Bell ; Bell negative he ; Chigurh negative her ; her neutral he ; Chigurh negative he <$> West Texas in June 1980 is desolate , wide open country , and Ed Tom Bell laments the increasing violence in a region where he , like his father and grandfather before him , has risen to the office of sheriff . Llewelyn Moss , hunting pronghorn , comes across the aftermath of a drug deal gone awry : several dead men and dogs , a wounded Mexican begging for water , and two million dollars in a satchel that he takes to his trailer home . Late that night , he returns with water for the dying man , but is chased away by two men in a truck and loses his vehicle . When he gets back home he grabs the cash , sends his wife Carla Jean to her mother 's , and makes his way to a motel in the next countyThe sign in front of Moss ' trailer park indicates its location in Sanderson , the seat of Terrell County . Del Rio is the seat of Val Verde County , approximately 120 miles from Sanderson . where he hides the satchel in the air vent of his room . Anton Chigurh is a hitman who has been hired to recover the money . He has already strangled a sheriff 's deputy to escape custody and stolen a car by using a captive bolt pistol to kill the driver . Now he carries a receiver that traces the money via a tracking device concealed inside the satchel . Bursting into Moss ' hideout at night , Chigurh surprises a group of Mexicans set to ambush Moss , and murders them all . Moss , who has rented the connecting room on the other side , is one step ahead . By the time Chigurh removes the vent cover with a dime , Moss is already back on the road with the cash . In a border town hotel , Moss finally finds the electronic bug , but not before Chigurh is upon him . A firefight between them spills onto the streets , leaving both men wounded . Moss flees across the border , collapsing from his injuries before he is taken to a Mexican hospital . There , Carson Wells , another hired operative , offers protection in return for the money . After Chigurh cleans and stitches his own wounds with stolen supplies , he gets the drop on Wells back at his hotel and kills him just as Moss calls the room . Picking up the call and casually raising his feet to avoid the spreading blood , Chigurh promises Moss that Carla Jean will go untouched if he gives up the money . Moss remains defiant . Moss arranges to rendezvous with his wife at a motel in El Paso to give her the money and send her out of harm 's way . She reluctantly accepts Bell 's offer to save her husband , but he arrives only in time to see a pickup carrying several men speeding away from the motel and Moss lying dead in his room . That night , Bell returns to the crime scene and finds the lock blown out in his suspect 's familiar style . Chigurh hides behind the door of a motel room , observing the shifting light through an empty lock hole . His gun drawn , Bell enters Moss ' room and notices that the vent cover has been removed with a dime and the vent is empty . Bell visits his Uncle Ellis , an ex-lawman . Bell plans to retire because he feels " overmatched , " but Ellis points out that the region has always been violent . For Ellis , thinking it is " all waiting on you , that 's vanity . " Carla Jean returns from her mother 's funeral to find Chigurh waiting in the bedroom . When she tells him she does not have the money , he recalls the pledge he made to her husband that could have spared her . The best he will offer is a coin toss for her life , but she says that the choice is his . Chigurh leaves the house alone and carefully checks the soles of his boots . As he drives away , he is injured in a car accident and abandons the damaged vehicle . Now retired , Bell shares two dreams with his wife , both involving his deceased father . In the first dream he lost " some money " that his father had given him ; in the second , he and his father were riding horses through a snowy mountain pass . His father , who was carrying fire in a horn , quietly passed by with his head down , " going on ahead , and fixin ' to make a fire " in the surrounding dark and cold . Bell knew that when he got there his father would be waiting .
Frankie positive Morgan ; Morgan neutral Nick ; Morgan positive Jimmy ; Frankie neutral Nick ; Nick neutral Jimmy ; Frankie neutral Ronnie <$> In Tuff Turf , directed by Fritz Kiersch , Morgan is a troubled teenager from Connecticut who relocates to Los Angeles with his parents after his father 's business goes under . Morgan struggles to make friends , and trouble ensues when Morgan pursues Frankie , whose boyfriend Nick is the leader of a local gang . Morgan soon finds pursuing Frankie comes with consequences . Morgan learns some valuable , hard lessons , and finds out how far he is really willing to go for Frankie 's love . Ultimately , Morgan must face Nick and his gang to test the bounds of his honor , and his love for Frankie . The film begins at night with Morgan exploring the streets of his new neighborhood on his bicycle . The intro sequence features the song " Love Hates " programmed by Jonathan Elias and featuring vocals by Marianne Faithfull . It 's a great electronic track with a dark edge , similar in vein to early Ministry and sets the scene perfectly for the rest of the film ; with small sequences of this song ocourring throughout the movie . On a local street in Reseda , CA , Frankie flirts with a business man waiting at a bus stop . She asks the man for change , and he pulls out a money clip full of cash to oblige . As they make small talk , Nick and his gang who 've been loitering at a nearby news stand ; move in to mug the man . While the mugging is taking place , Morgan rides straight through the middle of it on his bicycle and foils the robbery by snatching a beer from one of the gang members . Morgan shakes it up and sprays beer on another gang member , who then sprays Nick in the face with spray paint ; allowing the victim to escape . One final gang member manages to slash Morgan 's jacket with a car antenna , but Morgan escapes into the night . The next day is the first day at a new school for Morgan . Upon leaving for school on his bike , Morgan has a chat with his father ; who has just returned from a long night of work as a cab driver . At school , Morgan is quickly chastised by the school security guard , for riding his bike on campus . Nick notices Morgan as they loiter in the school parking lot before classes begin . Nick tells his gang , " I think we 're going to school today . " Morgan goes to the principal 's office to register , and the principal asks Morgan what he plans on doing with his exceptional writing skills . Morgan says he does n't know , and the principal informs Morgan that he wo n't put up with any of his prep - school parties ; and roof top concerts he 's conducted in the past . Jimmy Parker , a drummer in a local new wave / post punk band " The Crypt " , has already caught word of Nick 's intention to get back at Morgan for interfering in his business the night before . Jimmy asks his friend Feather for her blade . She says " Why ? You 're never gon na use it . " He replies " Come on , maybe I wan na clean my teeth . " She hands over her switchblade , and Jimmy quickly conceals it and heads off to class . In history class , the students are shown gunfighting clips from old westerns . Jimmy is seated behind Morgan and inadvertently opens up the switch blade , startling Morgan . Jimmy then tells Morgan to take it , because it 's all over the school about him and Nick Hauser . After school , Jimmy asks Morgan if he likes music , and would like to come see his band that night down at the warehouse . After respoding that he 'll be there , Morgan then sees Nick Hauser riding his bicycle with Frankie on the handlebars . Morgan goes to get his bike back from the gang in the parking lot . The gang are circling Nick and Frankie on the bike , in a classic Mustang and a classic Camaro . The Camaro stops right in front of Morgan and a gang member sprays Morgan in the face with red spray paint . Luckily , Morgan is wearing sunglasses . Nick asks the crowd of students if he should give Morgan his bike back . Nick lays the bike down , and Morgan picks it up . But before Morgan can leave , one gang member drives his car straight at Morgan in a game of chicken . All Morgan can do is squeeze the hand brake on his bike as the car hits the front wheel of his 10 speed , hurling it into the air . When the bike hits the pavement it 's mangled and broken . Nick says he 's sorry as Morgan carries his bike away on his shoulder . Back at home , Morgan argues with his mother after she walks into his room and sees his mangled bike . His mother asks if they had insurance and reminds him that the bike cost $ 500.00 She asks him if it is " happening again . " Morgan 's father comes in and asks him if the bike can be fixed . Frustrated , Morgan leaves for the warehouse to go see Jimmy 's band . While on his walk to the warehouse he sees a Porsche 911 convertible , with the keys in the ignition . At the warehouse , The Crypt is performing , and the warehouse is filled with teenagers dancing and having a good time . When Morgan sees Frankie talking with a friend in between a song , he quickly grabs her and they rush into the crowd . Morgan repetedly asks what her name is . Frankie refuses to say , and asks to be let go . Morgan is persistent though , and each time Frankie tries to run away she somehow ends up back in Morgan 's arms . Nick and his gang show up at the warehouse , and see Frankie dancing with Morgan . Nick tells his goons to get Morgan , but each time they get close to Morgan he spins them around and throws them to the floor . After the song is over , Nick instructs Frankie that the dance is over and tells her friend Ronnie to take her home . Morgan runs after Frankie but only sees her friends driving her away . Nick and his goons catch Morgan as he tries to get in the Porsche to leave . Nick threatens Morgan not to ever go near Frankie again , and this is when Morgan finally learns her name . They beat Morgan up and take the keys to the Porsche . Jimmy runs outside to find Morgan on the ground and asks if he 's alright . Jimmy 's says " I ca n't believe they took your car . " Morgan replies , " I do n't own a car man " . Nick and the gang are tearing up the streets in the Porsche they took from Morgan , until they get pulled over and arrested for driving a stolen vehicle and thrown in jail . The next day , Morgan finds a dead rat in his locker at school , and is confronted by Frankie who tells him his ass is grass when Nick gets out of jail . After school , Morgan is waiting at a bus stop and sees Nick 's Camaro . He runs on foot , and the Camaro gives chase . Morgan runs down an alley where he is trapped . He tries to jump a fence but falls to the ground . Much to his surprise it is Jimmy who is driving the Camaro . He explains that Nick 's bro called his bro , and Jimmy got the car . Morgan and Jimmy cruise the streets and Jimmy explains that his brother was in a gang , and he was barred from ever being in one . Jimmy tosses some of Nick 's cassettes out the window . They spot Frankie , Ronnie , and Feather at a local burger joint and pull over . Thinking Nick is out of Jail , Frankie grabs Ronnie and runs to the car to get in . To their surprise it 's Morgan and Jimmy . Frankie is not happy about the trickery , while Ronnie exclaims " Thank You God " because she has a huge crush on Jimmy . They drive around L.A. for a while , through Beverly Hills and sneak into a country club party to have lunch . When the cover band takes a break , Morgan plays piano and sings Frankie a song . Later that night , Frankie takes Morgan to a local club where Jack Mack and the Heart Attack are playing and she shows off her dancing skills . When Nick finds out about the night on the town , he has his goons attack Morgan at school the next day in the locker room . After surviving a brutal beating with padlocks wrapped in towels , Nick once again warns Morgan to stay away from Frankie or he 'll kill him . That night , Nick bursts into Frankie 's room with Frankie 's father and a bottle of champagne and exclaims that she has said yes to marry him . Her father is happy , but does n't know that she never said actually said yes ; this is all Nick 's controlling way to try and keep a hold on Frankie . Frankie had already promised to have dinner at Morgan 's house , and meet his parents . She keeps her commitment , but the dinner goes bad when Morgan 's mom asks about Frankie 's mom , who is deceased . Frankie leaves despite Morgan 's pleas that his mother did n't know . Nick and his goons then find Frankie walking down the street and decide to drink it up and cruise the streets all night . Nick sees Morgan 's dad looking at a map on the hood of his cab , and lies about being out of gas . He hands Frankie his watch and tells her to ask the cab driver for some money for the watch . But after realizing it 's Morgan 's father , she gets back in the car and tells Nick she ca n't do it . Nick asks why and says , " It 's because that 's Hiller 's father over there is n't it ? " and " Maybe you should have thought about that before you got involved with him . " Frankie runs over to Morgan 's father and tells him to go , but it 's too late and Nick 's gang attacks Morgan 's father . Morgan 's father beats them down one by one , and even punches Nick . But Nick pulls a gun and shoots Morgan 's father . Nick and the gang flee , leaving Frankie there with Morgan 's wounded father on the sidewalk . Morgan meets Frankie at the hospital when he comes to see his dad . She breaks down in his arms , and they go back to Morgan 's house . They make love as the sun comes up in Morgan 's room . Later that day , Nick comes into Frankie 's father 's liquor store . Nick beats up Frankie 's father , and makes Frankie call Morgan . Nick tells Morgan to meet him at the warehouse . Morgan goes to Jimmy 's house to try and get help . Jimmy is not home , so Morgan leaves a note with Jimmy 's brother . Morgan sneaks into the warehouse and slowly takes out Nick 's gang one by one . Jimmy shows up with two doberman pinchers , but gets shot in the leg by Nick . Morgan then has a final fight with Nick in order to save Frankie and during the fight , Nick gets hit off the stairs and falls to his death . During the credits , we see Morgan and Frankie walking into the club they went to before together .
Helen neutral Johnny ; Helen neutral George ; Helen negative Janet ; Janet neutral George <$> Helen MacFarquhar , a middle - aged bookseller , having recently divorced and after sending her daughter off to summer camp , and her nagging ex-husband trying to convince her to pay for some of their daughter 's activities is ready to move on to the next stage in her life . One morning , as she is going through the mail , she discovers an anonymous blue love letter , without an envelope and a name . Having discovered this letter in her mail , in her bookstore , she naturally thinks it is for her . But the only question is , who is it from ? At first , she thinks it is from George Matthias , the local fireman , but decides it could n't be him , after trying to give him subtle hints Not having any idea who may be the writer of the love letter , she just puts it away in her purse and tries to forget about it . Then , Johnny , a college student who has a summer job working in Helen 's bookstore , is invited to her house for dinner . During dinner she puts two wine glasses and a bottle next to her purse , which has the letter in it . By mistake , and not noticing it , Helen accidentally knocks the letter out of the purse . While in the kitchen cooking , she tells Johnny to have some wine . Johnny comes across the letter , and is struck by it . He mistakenly thinks it is from Helen ! Later that night , he begins to " peel an orange " , a line from the letter . Seeing his hint , Helen rushes into the house and says goodnight . Johnny leaves . In the next few weeks , Johnny and Helen meet and begin an affair , each thinking the other wrote the letter . Helen goes to the bookstore , and brings the letter with her . She leaves her purse on the desk . Then , Helen 's manager , Janet Hall , arrives . Helen decides not to tell her about the letter just yet . While she is upstairs working , George comes in with new smoke detectors for the store . Janet accepts them , but the desk collapses , along with Helen 's purse , which contains the letter . In all the chaos , the letter is mixed in with the instruction manuals for the smoke detectors . George , before leaving , says " Make sure you read the manuals first . " Then , Janet opens the manual , and the letter falls out . She reads it and thinks it is from George . Later that day , Janet rushes over to tell Helen about the letter . But Helen , not knowing how to say it , just takes it and says " It 's mine " . Janet , angry at Helen for not having faith in her happiness , quits her job as manager . Amidst all the confusion , it is revealed that the letter was actually written by Helen 's mother 's lover , another woman . Early in her life , Helen 's mother fell in love with a woman who wrote her a letter expressing her love . Considering the conservative time period and social stigma , the relationship was never to be , but Helen 's mom had kept the letter to help her remember her past . All the confusion is cleared up and Helen connects with her mom when she tells her about her past affair .
Aazaan negative Aafreen ; Aafreen negative Sam <$> The film begins with a suicide bombing attack in Germany Peace conference where Indian Home Minister is affected by an unknown virus . In RAW headquarters , Sofiya joins the investigation . RAW HQ is threatened by a threat who calls himself Doctor . In HQ , army officer Aazaan Khan is interrogated about the case because of his brother 's , Aman Khan , involvement as a terrorist in the suicide bombings . Aazaan is deployed in Waziristan to infiltrate the enemy force and to find whereabouts of his brother . He travels from country to country to find the culprits , and even becomes one of them to gain their confidence . Aazaan comes across two Pakistanis from whom he soon finds the whereabouts of the kingpin , the doctor . The doctor has taken hold of Mahfouz , and has seized the cure for the virus from him , so now he has both the weapon and its antidote . He also knows that Aazaan is with the cops , and both are led to be killed in the marketsquare . Aazaan breaks free , and tries to rescue the scientist , but it 's too late . Before being detonated by a strapped bomb , he tells aazaan to find a Sand artist in Morocco and a girl with her , as they HAVE the cure for the virus . Aazaan escapes and runs to Morocco , where he finds the sand artist Aafreen , who is taking care of an orphaned girl . Aafreen knows about Aazaan and his missing brother Aman . Soon both fall in love . But the terrorists follow aazaan in Morocco too , and the three of them decide to escape to India at the earliest so that the child 's blood can be used to make a cure for the virus in India . As they are waiting for Sam Sharma to turn up in the chopper , Aazaan , Aafreen and the kind face a rude shock when Sam pulls out a gun and shoots Aafreen . The child is forcefully taken away , and Aazaan is captured and led away . Apparently Sam was a traitor working on the side of the Doctor .
Sharon neutral Rose ; Alessa negative Rose ; her positive Christabella ; Alessa negative her ; Sharon negative Cybil ; Sharon neutral Christopher <$> Rose and her husband , Christopher Da Silva , are concerned about their adopted daughter , Sharon , who has been sleepwalking while calling the name of a town , " Silent Hill " . Desperate for answers , Rose takes Sharon to Silent Hill . As they approach the town , she is pursued by police officer Cybil Bennett . A child appears in the road , causing Rose to swerve and crash the car , knocking herself unconscious . When she awakens , Sharon is missing , while fog and falling ash blanket the town . Rose wanders the empty streets of Silent Hill looking for her daughter and instead encounters monsters . Rose meets a woman named Dahlia Gillespie who speaks of her own daughter , Alessa , being abused by the townspeople and , upon seeing a photo of Sharon in the locket around Rose 's neck , claims that Sharon is Alessa . Rose returns to her car and runs into Cybil , who arrests her . After they discover that the road leading out of town leads to a fracture , they pair up to search the town . Meanwhile , Christopher also simultaneously scours the town , shown to be abandoned and without mist and falling ash , with the assistance of officer Thomas Gucci . Christopher discovers documents revealing that the town was abandoned after a coal seam fire thirty years ago , along with a photograph of Dahlia 's daughter , who bears a strong physical resemblance to Sharon . Told to stop investigating under threat of incarceration , he returns home . Rose and Cybil meet Anna , a woman who leads them to a local church for refuge . As they approach it , Anna is killed by the monster Pyramid Head . In the church , Rose and Cybil discover a cult , headed by a woman named Christabella . Christabella tells Rose about a demon , who knows Sharon 's whereabouts . After convincing Christabella to help them locate the demon , Rose and Cybil are taken to a local hospital . There , Christabella also sees the photo of Sharon in Rose 's locket and , seeing the likeness between Sharon and Alessa , condemns Rose and Cybil as witches . Cybil allows herself to be captured by the townspeople in order for Rose to escape and descend into the hospital basement . There , Rose encounters a burned Alessa on a bed and a being in the form of a girl who strongly resembles Sharon . In a flashback , Rose discovers that Silent Hill had a long history of witch burnings , stemming from the cult 's beliefs . Thirty years prior to Rose 's arrival , Alessa was stigmatized for having been born out of wedlock by an unknown father ; her schoolmates bullied her , while the adults made no effort to protect her . Dahlia agreed to Christabella 's suggestion that she allow the cult to " restore innocence " in Alessa . When not allowed to follow Alessa into the ritual , Dahlia realized that they intended to kill her daughter and ran to the police . Alessa was ritually burned , but in the midst of the ritual , a fire accidentally burst out . When Dahlia returned with the police , Alessa was badly burned , but alive . While in the hospital , Alessa 's pain and rage caused her " dark " side to manifest in the form of a duplicate of herself , who refers to itself as the darkness inside Alessa . { { cite web } } { { cite web } } Rose learns that Sharon is the manifestation of Alessa 's remaining innocence and goodness . After the flashback , Rose is told that she must aid Alessa in her revenge by granting her entry into the church and that Christabella will soon find Sharon and attempt to burn her as well . Rose enters the church after Cybil has just been immolated by the townspeople , and Sharon is about to suffer a similar fate . She confronts Christabella with her knowledge of the truth , attempting to convince the cult that they are in denial of their own fate . Christabella stabs Rose , causing her blood to drip onto the church floor . The blood serves as a portal , which Alessa rises out of and proceeds to kill Christabella and the townspeople , leaving Dahlia , Rose , and Sharon the only survivors . Rose and Sharon return home ; though they are in the same room as Christopher , who has also returned home , they can not see each other .
Jake positive Henry ; Jake negative Lenny <$> Jake , a reclusive Vietnam War veteran , has lived in a cabin in the woods of the Pacific Northwest for 35 years , plagued with guilt over the loss of men under his command . His only interaction with other people is when he drives into town to sell firewood and buy supplies from Kate . His life is changed when he is visited by Henry , an ex-platoon member . Henry is dying of lung cancer caused by the exposure to Agent Orange , and entrusts the care of his half - Vietnamese daughter Lenny to Jake . Jake refuses , but Henry leaves in the night , leaving his daughter behind and giving Jake little choice but to look after her . Lenny proves troublesome for Jake , and interrupts his normal way of life . Over time however , Lenny encourages Jake to reach out to other Vietnam veterans who are living nearby in self - imposed exile . Though , Lenny is brutally and accidentally killed when she steps into a trap set up by one of the Veterans that lived close by . Jake mourns over Lenny afterwards and learns to socialize with people again .
Lawrence negative Klinger ; Flannigan negative Lawrence ; Flannigan neutral Creighton ; Creighton positive Lawrence <$> During World War II , Navy Lt. Cmdr. John Lawrence , a strict disciplinarian , is put in charge of Underwater Demolition Team 4 after its former leader , Lt. Cmdr. Jack Cassidy , is killed in action . The unit 's men are distrustful of the professionally - aloof Lawrence , and the relationship immediately takes a turn for the worse when they brawl with sailors aboard their transport ship . The ship 's captain , Lt. Cmdr. Pete Vincent , understands the natural resentment the elite UDT men feel over the death of Cassidy , which they have transferred to Lawrence , and offers to go easy on the team at captain 's mast . The " by - the - book " Lawrence , however , elects to hold his own mast and disciplines the entire team just before a dangerous reconnaissance mission to ascertain the safest landing beach during an upcoming invasion of a Japanese - held island . Lawrence is scornfully perceived as afraid when he splits up the platoon and puts team executive officer Lt. Klinger in charge of a diversion to the more dangerous beach , where the main landing is scheduled . During the mission , Lawrence cuts his leg on coral , and the diversionary section 's pick - up boat receives a direct hit from artillery during pick - up operations , killing Klinger and most of his men . Lawrence sees that two frogmen , including Chief Jake Flannigan , are still in the water , but rather than risk loss of the information already gathered , orders a rescue boat launched and continues back to the transport . The rescue succeeds in recovering the two swimmers , but Lawrence 's apparently cowardly action increases the unit 's ill will toward him . An embittered Flannigan and some of the others request transfer to another unit , but Lawrence insists that they first complete the next day 's mission to clear the new landing site for the invasion . The next morning , Lawrence , who is sick with coral poisoning , does not reveal his illness when he puts Flannigan in charge of the mission and stays behind . Convinced now that Lawrence is a coward , the men angrily but efficiently complete their task , although " Pappy " Creighton , whose brother is a U.S. Marine , sneaks onto the beach with Flannigan to leave a sign " welcoming " the Marines . Creighton is shot after the prank , but Flannigan tows him to the pick - up boat . Back on the ship , Creighton is put in traction because of the bullets in his spine , and Flannigan confesses to Lawrence that the prank caused Creighton 's injuries . Lawrence furiously upbraids Flannigan for giving in to the prank , and soon all of the men request transfers . While Lawrence is discussing the transfer requests with Vincent , a torpedo hits the ship but does not detonate . Lawrence volunteers to disarm the torpedo , which has lodged in the sick bay next to Creighton 's bed , and with Flannigan 's help , succeeds . Soon after , Lawrence receives orders to blow up a Japanese submarine pen , and tells the men that although it will be their last mission together , he is proud to have served with them . Although Flannigan voices disdain that Lawrence will again dodge dangerous duty , Lawrence leads the mission , which is discovered when one of the men accidentally trips a signal wire . Japanese sentries shoot at the men as they plant the charges , and Lawrence is stabbed in hand - to - hand combat with a Japanese diver . Although he orders Flannigan to leave him behind , the chief tows him to safety . The mission is a success , and soon Lawrence is recuperating beside Creighton . Finally won over by Lawrence 's bravery , the men show their acceptance of him by asking him to sign the portrait they have drawn of Cassidy to present to his widow .
Otar negative Niko ; Otar positive Ada ; Otar negative Eka ; her neutral Ada ; Eka positive Ada <$> The three women all live in the same run - down apartment in one of Tbilisi 's oldest neighborhood . They bear many of the realities of life in modern Georgia , such as frequent power blackouts and dilapidated infrastructure . Amidst this , Eka remains the matriarch of the family . She retains an often fractious relationship with her daughter , Marina , but is extremely close to her granddaughter , Ada . However , it is her beloved son , Otar , that she is most attached to . At the opening of the film , the audience learns that Otar Gogebashvili , a doctor by profession because of the difficult economic situation in newly independent Georgia has not long before moved to France , in order to work illegally and support his family back in Georgia . Eka eagerly awaits Otar 's regular phone calls and the money he sends home from France . The difference between the generations is apparent : Eka loves French culture , speaks perfect French but remains a Stalinist , even in 2002 , whereas Ada is quite Westernized , and longs to follow her uncle 's path and move to the West . Marina has university degree but due to the high unemployment in Post Soviet Georgia sells heirlooms at the market . Their life then changes drastically when Marina fields a call from Otar 's friend , Niko , who had accompanied him to France . Niko bears bad news : Otar has been killed in an industrial accident . Eka is elderly and fragile , and Marina and Ada both agree that the shock of the death of her beloved son could kill her . In a similar manner to the German film Good Bye Lenin ! , which was released in the same year , the pair decide to conceal Otar 's death from Eka . In order to create the charade , Ada forges letters from Otar . Eka grows worried about the lack of phone calls and the lack of money in the letters , but the pair include excuses into the letters , and initially appease Eka 's worries . Several other complications arise , but the pair deal with them in turn , and Eka remains unaware of Otar 's death . After some time , Ada grows reluctant to continue the charade , as she feels that lying to her grandmother is taking its toll . Ada and Marina discuss possibly telling Eka the truth , when instead the eccentric Eka decides that she wants to visit Otar in France . Before the pair can persuade her otherwise , she sells her library with unique French books collected by the generations to raise the money , and purchases plane tickets for all three of them . Unable to persuade Eka not to fly to France , Ada and Marina accompany her along . The story resumes in France , where Eka searches for any sign of her son . After several attempts , she finally locates the apartment where he lived , only to be finally told the truth by his neighbors . Eka breaks down with the initial shock , but soon recovers and returns to meet Ada and Marina , as they are due to return to Georgia . In a reversal of roles , and to the bemusement of the two younger women , Eka decides that it would hurt them to know of Otar 's death , and pretends that he has gone to America without telling them . Not long after , they leave for the airport . Upon reaching the airport , Ada tells Eka and Marina to go on ahead while she purchases a magazine . While the older women pass through departure gates , Ada remains behind . It thus becomes clear that Ada has no intention of returning to Tbilisi , and intends to try to make a life for herself in France . The film ends with their tearful goodbye through the windows of the departure gates .
Rosetta negative Chloe ; Rosetta negative Silvermist ; Chloe neutral Silvermist <$> { { plot } } The movie opens with the fairies making final preparations for the Pixie Hollow Games . Rosetta , who is afraid of dirt , freaks out when Chloe drops a lump of dirt in front of her , accidentally getting her dirty . Silvermist quickly washes Rosetta off , who stops freaking out and thanks her . Silvermist then asks why Chloe has it who announces she has been training for and is going to be competing in the Pixie Hollow Games . Fern then selects Rosetta to be Chloe 's partner in the games , who reluctantly agrees and Vidia looks forward to it by saying " This is going to be good . " hoping Rosetta will humiliate herself . The night of the games , Rosetta wears a fancy gown , certain that she and Chloe will lose , as the garden fairies have had a losing streak in the games . Storm fairies Rumble and Glimmer come in , and they begin the first game , called leapfrogging . Rosetta refuses to get onto the frog , and the garden fairies lose but are still in the competition because when Rosetta gets on , they accidentally smash the contraption holding the Healing Fairies together , which eliminates them . The next day , Rosetta and Chloe continue to compete in games such as dragonfly waterskiing , twig - spheres , and mouse polo , slowly moving up in the standings during each game . In the teacup challenge , they take the lead . Iridessa and Lumina try to catch up but Iridessa uses so much pixie dust , they crash into the ceiling , eliminating the light talents from the competition . Chloe then slides down into the slime but because Rosetta – afraid of getting dirty – is not with her , they are placed last , to Chloe 's dismay . But Rosetta decides to conquer her fear and dresses in the garden fairies ' uniform for the derby cart race , and announces she has a plan to win the Games . The race starts with storm talents taking the lead , but Vidia and Zephyr take " the jump " shortcut and crash , then Terence and Fairy Gary try to jump the pond but land in it , leaving just the garden and storm fairies . Rosetta and Chloe take the mudslide mountain shortcut and successfully make it over thanks to Tinker Bell adding built - in spikes to the wheels and a propeller to cross the steep mountain and get ahead of the storm fairies . However , in the last leg of the race , Rumble uses Glimmer 's lightning power to zap one of the wheels causing the girls ' cart to crash . At this point , Glimmer is disgusted with her partner 's infatuation for winning and gets off the cart right before they approach the finish line , causing them to lose the games . Seeing their cart destroyed , Rosetta and Chloe push their cart over the finish line together and are amazed to find that they have defeated the storm fairies , since one of the storm fairies did n't want to finish due to the other 's behavior . Therefore , the garden fairies win . The movie ends with Rosetta and Chloe celebrating with their friends that they broke their losing streak .
Mamoru negative Usagi ; Artemis negative Luna ; Fiore negative Sailor ; Fiore positive Mamoru ; Mamoru neutral Crystal ; Usagi neutral Crystal <$> In his youth , Mamoru hands a mysterious boy a rose before he disappears , vowing to bring Mamoru a flower . In the present day , Mamoru meets up with Usagi Tsukino and the Guardian Senshi at the Jindai Botanical Garden . Usagi tries to kiss Mamoru , but when he suspects that he is being spied on by the other senshi , he walks off outside alone . The stranger appears from the garden 's fountain . Usagi tries to break the man 's grasp from Mamoru , but is knocked down . The man vows that no one will prevent him from keeping his promise before disappearing again . Mamoru tells Usagi that the stranger 's name is Fiore . At Rei 's temple , the senshi discuss an asteroid which has started to approach Earth and on which Luna and Artemis have discovered traces of vegetal life . The talk turns into gossip about Mamoru 's and Fiore 's possible relationship , while Usagi thinks about how Mamoru had told her that he had no family and was alone , and how she had promised him she would be his family from now on . Fiore sends a flower - monster , Glycina , to Tokyo in order to drain the population 's life energy , but the Guardian Senshi free them and destroy the monster . Fiore appears , revealing that he is responsible for the attack and uses a Xenian flower before severely injuring the senshi . Tuxedo Mask saves Sailor Moon from being killed , and tries to talk Fiore out of fighting . However , the Xenian flower controls Fiore 's mind and has him attack Sailor Moon . After Tuxedo Mask saves her from being killed , Fiore takes Mamoru to an asteroid rapidly approaching Earth and begins to revive him in a crystal filled with liquid . While in the crystal , Mamoru remembers meeting Fiore after his parents died in a car accident . Mamoru had previously assumed that he had made up the boy as an imaginary friend . Fiore explains that he had to leave Mamoru because of the Earth 's unsuitable atmosphere ; Mamoru gave Fiore a rose before disappearing . Fiore searched the galaxy to find a flower for Mamoru , finding the Xenian flower in the process . Seeking revenge on the humans for his loneliness , Fiore returns to Earth . Meanwhile , Luna and Artemis tell the senshi that the Xenian flower can destroy planets using weak - hearted people . Sailor Mercury realizes that the energy from the asteroid matches the flower - monster 's evil energy , deducing that Fiore has hidden there . The Senshi decide to rescue Mamoru ; Sailor Moon is reluctant to do so , but the Senshi and Chibiusa convince her to save Mamoru and confront Fiore . After the Senshi fly to the asteroid , Fiore reveals that he will scatter flower - seeds to drain humanity 's energy on Earth . The Senshi then fight hundreds of flower - monsters , but the Guardian Senshi are captured . After Fiore orders Sailor Moon to surrender , Sailor Moon is unable to feel his loneliness ; Fiore begins to drain her life - force . Mamoru escapes and saves Sailor Moon by throwing a rose at Fiore . The rose embedded in Fiore 's chest blossoms , freeing him from the Xenian 's control . The flowers on the asteroid disappear , but it continues to hurtle towards Earth . Usagi uses the Silver Crystal to transform into Princess Serenity in order to change the course of the asteroid . Fiore tries to stop Usagi 's transformation , but he soon realizes that Usagi had given Mamoru the rose that was once given to him . Fiore and the Xenian are obliterated by the immense power and energy from the Silver Crystal . Mamoru and the Guardian Senshi lend Princess Serenity their powers and abilities to sustain the Silver Crystal as the asteroid descends towards Earth . The Silver Crystal shatters , the asteroid disintegrates and Usagi dies . On Earth , despite Luna and Artemis ' concern over why the senshi are taking too long , Chibiusa assures them that the senshi are all right . Meanwhile , on the disintegrated asteroid , the girls and Mamoru cry over Usagi , but Fiore reappears and thanks Mamoru . Using a nectar - filled flower with Fiore 's life - energy , Mamoru wets his lips with the nectar and kisses Usagi , reviving her and repowering the Silver Crystal . Fiore , reduced to the form of a child again , returns to space to live in peace .
Peter positive Alison ; Messer positive Holly ; Messer negative Sophie ; Sophie positive Holly <$> Holly Berenson is the owner of a small Atlanta bakery , and Eric Messer , known as " Messer " , is a promising television technical sports director for the Atlanta Hawks , who will have sex with almost any girl he meets . Both are godparents of Sophie Christina Novak , the baby daughter of their friends Peter and Alison , who decide to set them up on a date . However , Holly and Messer have only two things in common : their mutual dislike and their love for their goddaughter . After Peter and Alison die in a car crash , Holly and Messer learn that their friends have named them Sophie 's joint guardians . Holly and Messer must put their differences aside and move into Sophie 's home to care for her . However , living together proves to be a struggle . One night , Holly leaves Sophie with Messer while she covers an important catering job - the same night that he is given the opportunity to direct a big basketball game . Messer takes Sophie to the game , but she constantly distracts him with her crying . When they get home , Messer and Holly argue , but later they make up . Holly meets Sam , Sophie 's pediatrician , and finds herself attracted to him . They arrange a date , which is cut short when Messer calls to tell Sam that Sophie has a high fever . Sam and Holly go to the hospital , and Messer sees Holly kiss Sam . As the two guardians continue to care for Sophie , they discover that raising a child is much more expensive than they had expected , and Holly can no longer afford to implement her plans to expand her business . Messer offers to invest in her company , and eventually Holly agrees . To cement the new relationship , they decide to go on a date . They have sex and begin to develop feelings for each other . Their Child Protective Services caseworker , who has previously advised them against getting involved , tells them they must make a firm commitment either to stay together or to break up . Anything in between would be bad for Sophie . Messer is offered a job in Phoenix , Arizona , and he seriously considers taking it up , as it has been his dream for several years . He does not , however , discuss it with Holly . When she finds out , an upset Holly tells him to go to Phoenix and accuses him of looking for a way out of raising Sophie . At Thanksgiving Messer returns to Atlanta , hoping to patch things up with Holly , but finds her in a relationship with " Doctor Love " . Messer and Holly argue , because Sam mentions they are planning to sell the house soon , since it is too expensive . Messer insists it was Peter and Alison 's wish that Sophie be raised in their house , by them together . Holly consistently accuses Messer of deserting her and Sophie , while Messer points out how quickly she replaced him . Messer leaves the dinner , planning to return to Phoenix . Once alone with Holly , Sam says that if he and his ex-wife had fought in the way that Messer and Holly did , they would still be together . He tells Holly it is obvious she needs to work out her feelings for Messer , and leaves . The next morning , the caseworker comes for the last appointment to determine whether Holly and Messer are fit parents for Sophie . Holly realizes that she ca n't take care of Sophie without Messer , and that she loves him . She and Sophie drive to the airport with the caseworker . Holly rushes to buy tickets for all three of them , but , on arriving at the gate , finds that she has missed Messer . She returns to the house disappointed . To her surprise , she finds him sitting inside . He says he has realized that Peter and Alison chose them to be Sophie 's guardians because they are a family . They kiss . The film ends with Sophie 's second birthday party , with neighbors , family and friends invited . Holly has made an elaborate cupcake display for Sophie , as well as a cake with the number 1 on it , to celebrate that she and Messer have completed one whole year together as a new family .
Rajaram positive Bashudev ; she positive Bashudev ; Jojo positive Anuradha ; she positive Rajaram <$> The film is loosely based on the classical Indian folktale of the hare and the tortoise , providing a modern interpretation of the same . Even though the good may win in the end , is it worth the wait ? The tortoise &mdash; Rajaram P. Joshi &mdash; is a middle - class clerk living in a chawl in Bombay . He is secretly in love with his neighbor , Sandhya Sabnis but is unable to disclose his love for her , mainly due to his timidity . Rajaram is a very goodnatured and hardworking man . Most of his neighbors and colleagues take advantage of his goodness . One day Rajaram 's fast - tallking friend Bashudev &mdash; the hare &mdash; comes for a visit and makes himself at home . Bashudev generally impresses people by his false success stories and his over-the-top attitude . Bashudev starts wooing Sandhya , and she falls in love with him . He then joins Rajaram 's company , Footprint Shoes , by impressing the owner , Mr. Dhindhoria , with false stories about his work experience and love of golf . He also starts flirting with Dhindhoria 's beautiful wife Anuradha and daughter Jojo at the same time . In the chawl , the Sabnis family decides to get Sandhya married to Bashudev , much to the misery of Rajaram . But on the day of the engagement , Bashudev disappears after being caught red - handed , romancing Anuradha , by Jojo . The engagement is called off . Rajaram then offers to marry the devastated Sandhya , but she tells him that she has been very intimate with Bashudev and is perhaps pregnant . Rajaram shows his greatness by accepting her in spite of all this and expressing his long hidden love towards her . According to vile parle based film expert Rajesh Subramanian Sai Paranjpye was very annoyed with producer Basu Bhattacharya when the release of Sparsh got delayed . 3 years later when Sai Paranjpye made Katha , she purposely named Farooque Shaikh 's character , which had negative shades , Basu Bhatt .
Tredinnick negative Barabbas ; Barabbas negative Sharpe ; Harper negative Sharpe ; Sharpe negative Wormwood ; Simmerson positive Sharpe ; Joubert negative Angelique ; Joubert neutral Subedar ; Joubert negative Sharpe ; Tredinnick neutral Sharpe ; Dragomirov negative Sharpe ; Barabbas neutral Wormwood <$> The story continues from where Sharpe 's Challenge left off . On their way home to England , Richard Sharpe and Patrick Harper reluctantly agree to escort Marie - Angelique Bonnet to the hill fort of Kalimgong , where her fiancé , Major Joubert , is stationed . They encounter a baggage train heading to Madras , made up of soldiers from the King 's and the East India Company 's armies , commanded by the young Ensign Beauclere , engineer Major Tredinnick , and Subedar Pillai . Included in the train is a redcoat prisoner named Barabbas , an Indian princess and her retinue , and Tredinnick 's pregnant wife ( [ [ Caroline Carver . When the train is attacked by forces of the bandit Chitu , the Subedar is wounded . They are saved by the timely arrival of Colonel Dragomirov and his cavalry squadron . With no one more qualified , Sharpe is forced to take command . Trouble comes from within the train as well . Sharpe discovers that Barabbas is in fact the son of Obadiah Hakeswill , the man who murdered Sharpe 's first wife . Flying into a rage , Sharpe almost kills Barabbas on the spot , stopped only by Harper 's intervention . They also face opposition from Colour - Sergeant Wormwood , a British soldier who dislikes Sharpe 's methods and fosters feelings of resentment among his men , which grows when Sharpe punishes two of Wormwood 's men for drunkenness and attempted rape . Arriving at Kalimgong , Sharpe and Harper find the entire garrison killed , with the exception of the fort 's commander , General Sir Henry Simmerson , Sharpe 's old enemy . Strung up naked in the courtyard , Simmerson 's mind is addled with the heat and he seems to only speak nonsense , such as " save the harvest . " Major Joubert is not among the dead , to Marie - Angelique 's relief , but neither are the Company ledgers that reveal what has been stolen from the fort . The Subedar succumbs to his wounds and dies . Continuing on , the train finds a farming village destroyed by bandits , the entire harvest stolen , and everyone dead but a young girl who witnessed the attack . Between what the girl saw and Simmerson 's addled ramblings , Sharpe realises that not only were these people growing opium for the Company , but Colonel Count Dragomirov and Major Joubert were responsible for the slaughter in the village and at Kalimgong , using bandits as scapegoats . The train is forced to leave mounts and wagons behind when the bridge over a river is found to be destroyed . While crossing , Dragomirov and his men attack . Joubert grabs Marie - Angelique and rides off with her . Sharpe tries to pursue , but Wormwood uses the chaos to try to kill Sharpe , managing only to wound him in the shoulder . Harper drags Sharpe to safety . Dragomirov 's troops retreat . Once his wound is treated , Sharpe takes a horse and leaves to rescue Marie - Angelique , putting Harper in command of the train . When Sharpe finds Joubert , they fight . The weakened Sharpe is disarmed , but Marie - Angelique shoots and kills Joubert with his own pistol . However , Dragomirov 's cavalry finds them , and takes them to their field headquarters on the Indian plains . Meanwhile , during the night , the seriously wounded Tredinnick sneaks away , as he is slowing down the train . He tries to ambush Dragomirov , but his shot misses , and Dragomirov stabs him and leaves him for dead . Lance Naik Singh , finds Tredinnick and hears his dying words : Dragomirov 's lie that Sharpe is dead . Dragomirov shows Sharpe around his field headquarters , where Indian slaves produce opium . He offers Sharpe Joubert 's position and promises to keep Sharpe 's people prisoner rather than kill them , but Sharpe turns him down . Later , Dragomirov threatens to give Marie - Angelique , who has been dosed with opium , to his men , so Sharpe agrees to lead Dragomirov to the train and convince Harper to surrender . During the night , Dragomirov has Sharpe chained in a pit with cobras , but he gets free , rescues Marie - Angelique , and catches up with the train . Dragomirov follows , but Sharpe uses gunpowder to create a roadblock . When the train comes to a village , Mrs. Tredinnick goes into labour . Sharpe has no choice but to stop and defend the place . He gets the village 's leader , the real Chitu and the rest of the residents on - side for the upcoming battle . Singh repairs a very old cannon . Wormwood wants to desert , but his two cronies decide to fight alongside Sharpe . That night , Sharpe apologises to Barabbas for his earlier treatment and agrees to let him fight , but later , Wormwood frees Barabbas and tells him that Sharpe plans to execute him in the morning . Both Barabbas and Wormwood ride away separately . Wormwood joins Dragomirov and tells him all about Sharpe 's defences . When Dragomirov attacks the next day , Sharpe 's men resist strongly . Beauclare is fatally wounded while defending the women . Wormwood kills one of his former comrades , but Harper kills him in a hand - to - hand fight . At the last moment , British cavalry soldiers arrive , led by Barabbas , who had ridden the entire night to bring reinforcements . Sharpe duels Dragomirov and kills him . After the battle , Sharpe says his goodbyes to Marie - Angelique , who talks of visiting Sharpe 's farm in Normandy , and to Simmerson , with whom he has an almost - friendly conversation , before he and Harper ride off for home .
his positive Katie ; Darby negative Brian ; Michael positive Darby ; Darby positive Katie ; Michael positive Katie ; Cleopatra negative Katie <$> In the small Irish town of Rathcullen , County Kerry , Darby O'Gill is the aging caretaker of Lord Fitzpatrick 's estate , where he lives in the nearby gatehouse with his lovely , almost grown , daughter Katie . Darby spends most of his time in the town pub , regaling his friends with tales of his attempts to catch the leprechauns , in particular , their king , Brian Connors . Darby is past his prime as a laborer , so Lord Fitzpatrick decides to retire him on half - pay and give him and Katie another cottage to live in , rent - free , and give his job to a young Dubliner named Michael McBride . Darby begs Michael not to tell Katie that he is being replaced , to which Michael reluctantly agrees . That very night , Darby is captured by the leprechauns while chasing Cleopatra , his runaway horse , on top of the fairy mountain Knocknasheega . Darby learns that King Brian has brought him into the mountain so that Darby can avoid the shameful admission to Katie about losing his job . However , Darby tricks the leprechauns into embarking on a fox hunt by playing " The Fox Chase " for them on a beautiful Stradivarius violin , loaned to him by King Brian . The leprechauns mount their tiny white horses and leave through a large crack in the mountainside wall , from which Darby escapes . King Brian , angry for being made a fool of , comes to fetch Darby , and another battle of wits ensues over a jug of poitín . Darby traps King Brian by getting him so drunk that he does not notice the sunrise , which strips him of his powers until the next sunset . Trapped , Brian is forced to grant Darby three wishes before he can return home . Darby wisely makes his first wish be that King Brian not return to Knocknasheega , but to remain at his beck and call for a fortnight , giving him time to think of two other , equally wise wishes . King Brian is furious , but forced to comply . The wily leprechaun king manages to trick Darby into wasting his second wish by appearing only as a rabbit in Darby 's burlap sack , causing Darby unwittingly to say to Michael : " I wish you could see him [ the King ] " . King Brian meets Darby halfway by appearing to both Michael and Katie in his true form in their dreams . Darby decides that he wants to use his third and last wish to ensure Katie 's happiness . King Brian says to Darby that what Katie probably wants most of all is a " good , steady lad with temperate ways " . Someone , in short , like Michael . After a rocky beginning , Katie and Michael begin to show signs of growing affection for each other . Katie believes Michael is merely seasonal help , as her father could not bring himself to break the news of his retirement . However , Michael has an arrogant rival in Pony Sugrue , the town bully with his eyes on both Katie and Michael 's job . Katie , angered at finding out the truth about her father 's retirement from Pony 's unpleasantly meddlesome mother , injures herself in a fall on Knocknasheega while trying to catch Cleopatra at night . The banshee appears , heralding Katie 's death and sending the cóiste - bodhar , a spectral coach driven by a dullahan , to carry her soul off to the land of the dead . Desperate , Darby elects to use his final wish to go in his daughter 's place . King Brian is deeply saddened at Darby 's wish , but grants it , but once Darby is on his way to the next world , King Brian reappears in the Death Coach and tricks Darby into making a final fourth wish . Because he is only allowed three wishes , this negates all the previous wishes and spares Darby 's life . Darby is saved and King Brian has the last laugh in their running battle of wits . Katie 's fever has broken and she and Michael reveal their love for each other . Michael also fights Pony Sugrue at the pub ; getting his just revenge for Pony 's attempt to get him fired by clubbing him on the head and pouring whiskey all over him to make him appear drunken and incompetent . Michael soundly thrashes Pony and knocks him cold . Finally , Darby and Michael depart arm - in - arm , joining Katie outside in the wagon for a happy ending , with Michael and Katie singing a final duet together of " Pretty Irish Girl " .
Erbse positive Ickarus ; his positive Ickarus ; Mathilde neutral Alice ; Corinna negative Mathilde <$> Berlin techno DJ and producer Martin Karow is touring the techno clubs of the world with his girlfriend Mathilde while working on a new studio album that he plans to release soon . In order to be able to work and party day and night , Ickarus takes all kinds of drugs , mainly supplied by his friend Erbse at the clubs in Berlin . After consuming a PMA - containing ecstasy tablet , Ickarus goes into a drug - induced psychosis , eventually finding himself naked in a Berlin hotel where his antics attract the attention of the hotel staff . He is taken to a psychiatric hospital in Berlin , which puts his album and upcoming live performances in danger . At the hospital , Ickarus gets to know the other patients , namely Crystal Pete and Goa Gebhard , and is slightly unnerved by their idiosyncrasies . The clinic 's head doctor Dr. Paul recommends that Ickarus take a break from his music and touring to recover in the hospital under her care . She emphasizes that Ickarus 's commitment to the hospital is purely voluntary . Although Ickarus agrees to stay at the hospital , he continues work on his album by having his laptop and recording equipment brought to the clinic . Ickarus leaves the clinic and relapses into drug use after visiting with Erbse . Alice , the head of the record label Vinyl Distortion , tells Mathilde that the release of Ickarus 's new album is indefinitely delayed . Upon hearing this , Ickarus visits Alice and destroys her office when she refuses to speak to him . Upset at Ickarus 's lack of progress , Mathilde moves out of their apartment and in with her lesbian co-worker Corinna . After receiving a 25,000 Euro tax bill , Ickarus tries to visit Mathilde at Corinna 's apartment , but she refuses to see him . Dr. Paul tells Ickarus that since he refuses to follow his therapy schedule and leaves the clinic without permission , he must leave the clinic . That night , after Dr. Paul has left , Ickarus convinces the clinic 's intern to allow him to throw a going - away party . The party quickly gets out of hand when Ickarus brings drugs , alcohol , and prostitutes . Dr. Paul arrives at the clinic and locks Ickarus in a room . Mathilde and Ickarus 's father argue with Dr. Paul for his release . She eventually relents . After his production label re-signs him , Ickarus proposes calling his new album Titten , Techno , und Trompeten . Alice says that the record company prefers a more " international " title , and decides on the name Berlin Calling . The album cover photography is done in the clinic with Ickarus still dressed as a patient .
Benjamin positive his <$> Benjamin Fiedler is the 13 - year - old and Jewish son of Adam and Joanne Fiedler . After attending the elaborate bar mitzvah party for the son of Arnie Stein ( [ [ Larry Miller - which was done on a cruise ship , with a Titanic theme - Benjamin 's parents decide to go all out for his bar mitzvah . The plan is to rent Dodger Stadium for the bar mitzvah party , complete with movie stars and everything . Adam even books Neil Diamond to sing the National Anthem . However , Benjamin does not want to go through with it , as he does not even understand the words of the haftorah he has to read as part of his bar mitzvah rite . To try to stall the planning , he secretly invites his grandfather Irwin , who is now living on an Indian reservation with a New Age woman named Sacred Feather . When Benjamin 's grandfather arrives , it puts a kink in the planning - as Irwin had a falling out with his son Adam , both for having left Adam when he was a teenager , and for Adam 's own humiliating bar mitzvah . Irwin must then pull off somehow reconciling with his son while helping his grandson deal with the question of what it means to be a " man . " Now appreciating his bar mitzvah not as an excuse to throw a party but rather as a rite of passage in his Jewish life , Benjamin gets up the courage to tell his parents to call off the over-the-top bash they had planned . After he does very well at the service the party is just a casual backyard affair with lunch , a klezmer band and lots of family and friends .
Clark positive Richie ; Howie neutral Richie ; Carlos positive Howie ; Richie negative Marcus ; Gus positive Marcus ; Nelson positive Jerry <$> { { plot } } Gus , Clark and Richie are three middle - aged ' nerds ' ; Clark and Richie were the unpopular children who were constantly bullied by ' jocks ' and were always left on the bench at their baseball games , because of their less - than - stellar athletic abilities . When a nerdy boy named Nelson and his friends are kicked off a nearby baseball diamond by a team of bullies , Gus and Clark chase the bullies away . When Gus and Clark return with Richie to play again and get back their feel for the game , the bullies return and demand that they leave . Gus challenges the bullies to play them for the field , and the three friends , despite Clark and Richie 's poor abilities , win the game . Days later , one of Clark and Richie 's bullies , Brad , challenges them to another baseball game with his team , but the three friends win again . Later , Nelson 's billionaire father , Molly Elwood , tells the trio that he 's impressed with their wins , and explains his plan to hold a round - robin with all the little league teams in the state , plus their team . The winners will be given access to a new multi-million dollar baseball park that he 's building . Wanting to capture the spirit and fun they never had when they were kids , the three decide to form the Benchwarmers and join the tournament . They prepare to compete with all the other teams , despite the fact that they 're three adults squaring off against nine kids per team . After winning the first game , Mel 's friend , the former New York Yankees superstar Reggie Jackson , helps the Benchwarmers to train using unorthodox methods . In the second game , just as the Benchwarmers are about to lose , Richie uses one of Reggie 's unorthodox methods to hit a home run , winning the game . The Benchwarmers then go from county to county , winning the next two games to reach to the semi-finals . In the semi-finals , the rival team hires a drunken 50 - year - old Dominican man named Carlos as the team 's new pitcher by bribing the umpire . Carlos is more than a match for the Benchwarmers , but they manage to come back by making Carlos too drunk to play well . In the last inning , the umpire has Richie 's agoraphobic younger brother , Howie , be on deck . Howie ends up being hit in the arm by Carlos , but forces in the winning run for the Benchwarmers , sending them to the finals . Just when it is looking like the stadium is all theirs , a bully named Steven reports to the public that Gus was a brutal bully himself as a child , not a victim of bullies like Clark and Richie . He had bullied one child so intensely that the boy , named Marcus , had to be sent to a mental institution . Gus is kicked off the team as a result , but at his wife , Liz 's , suggestion , Gus apologizes to Marcus . Marcus arrives at the final game to reveal to the crowd that Gus had apologized and felt awful about what he did when he was kid , and Gus re-joins the team , announcing that Marcus is the Benchwarmers ' new third - base coach . In the final game , Gus , Clark and Richie do not play ; rather , they let a team of Nelson and other children play , to give them a chance to compete . The final is played against a team with a heartless coach , Jerry , who practically torments his players - and was Richie and Clark 's main bully when they were children . In the bottom of the 6th inning , the Benchwarmers are losing , 42 – 0 , when Jerry 's team , after realizing that the true meaning of baseball is to have fun , throws Nelson a " meatball " pitch down the middle . Nelson hits the ball , and Jerry 's team lets him score a run , saying that Jerry is " the loser " . The Benchwarmers storm the field , celebrating the fact that they were not shut out , and they give an enraged Jerry a taste of his own medicine , hanging him from the dugout fence by his underwear .
Raina positive Samir ; Raina neutral Neena ; Sanjay positive Samir ; Aakash positive Raina ; Mrs. neutral Raina ; Mrs. positive Aakash ; Aakash positive Khanna ; Aakash positive Tia ; Samir positive Tia ; Aakash negative Samir ; Haseena negative Samir <$> { { plot } } Raina meets Samir while at an orphanage . They both talk to each other and it 's love at first sight . Samir and Raina get married despite Samir 's parents disapproval . The couple moves to Melbourne where Samir is a very successful stockbroker . Two years later complications arise in their marriage . The couple goes through a tough time when Samir 's business starts sinking . While Raina is working at a local restaurant as a waitress , with her friend Neena who 's business is expanding , wants to send all her employees to Fiji for further training . Raina refuses knowing that Samir will say no . While this is going on , Samir consults his friend Sanjay , who persuades him to go to Singapore to start a new . That night when Samir comes home he orders her to start packing because they are leaving for Singapore . At the airport , Raina bumps into Aakash , who works at the local café at the airport . After saying sorry and going to their respective places , Aakash follows Raina as he feels that it 's love at first sight . Finding out she is married , Aakash leaves his Mrs. Khanna story there and starts working again . Samir then hands Raina her passport and tells her that his flight is after one hour while her flight is in two . Confused Raina asks are n't they going together but when she opens her passport she realizes that the destination on her boarding card is Delhi and not Singapore . Confused , Raina asks what this is , when Samir says he can not leave her alone in Melbourne so she must go back to India and stay with his parents . Samir leaves for Singapore , where Sanjay asks if everything is okay with Raina . Raina sinks into the waiting room chair and starts crying . The announcement for Mrs. Khanna is being announced to get onto her flight . Aakash notices Mrs. Khanna sitting lifelessly and crying in the departure waiting room Aakash tells her that its her last call . She thanks him and then quickly asks if she could borrow his phone and make an urgent call as it would be late if she went to the phone booth . Aakash agrees and lets Raina borrow his phone . Raina then Calls Neena and tells her everything that happened while Aakash is listening intently . Neena , now in Fiji , then gives Raina two options , either she can get on the plane and leave for Delhi or she can stay and experience the life she never had . She quickly thinks about it and realizes if she goes back to Delhi she wo n't have the opportunity to be independent and make her own decisions . She agrees to stay . Raina then calls Samir to tell him she missed her flight and is staying here . Upset , Samir says he is coming back to get her but she refuses and says that come back when your successful and Samir agrees . Soon Aakash and Raina get to know each other in a short period of time with Aakash always referring to her as Mrs.Khanna rather than Raina . Aakash makes Raina realize that being independent is good and remaining suppressed all the time is not a good idea . Aakash helps Raina to get a new place to live , a new job at the airport and a new life as well . During this time Aakash has fallen in love with Mrs Khanna although she just views the relationship as a good friendship . Soon Raina 's work permit expires and she ca n't get a new permit as she is marked as single . Victor sir , Harsh and Raina 's new friend Tia all tell Raina to apply for a fake marriage with Aakash so she can work . Raina feels like she would be betraying Samir and says no to it right away . Aakash respects her decision and agrees with it too . On New Year 's Eve both Aakash and Mrs.Khanna are alone so they decide to spend it together drinking . They both drink until Mrs Khanna is really drunk . Aakash then drops Mrs Khanna home but it would be too dangerous to leave her alone . Aakash plays the music player at Raina 's house and a really old song starts playing both Mrs Khanna and Aakash start dancing . Raina then tells Aakash that he is a good guy and she likes him with Aakash replying the same . The next morning , Raina is seen sleeping on her bed while Aakash is sleeping on her bedroom floor . Raina realizes that Aakash is not the type to take advantage of her and later agrees for a fake marriage still not knowing Aakash secretly loves her . They send in the papers and wait for the court to send them a date when they can get " married " . Soon enough Aakash has madly fallen in love with Raina and Harsh tells Aakash that he should express his feelings to her . Harsh tells Aakash to show that he is the good guy while Samir is n't as he left her all alone with nothing . Aakash eventually decides to reveal his feelings for her . As he 's getting ready to leave with Harsh , an incredibly good looking man asks for Tia . They ask him who he is , as the man is about to say his name , Neena , who is standing behind Harsh and Aakash suddenly says " Samir ? " . Harsh and Aakash both shocked look at each other and whispers " Khanna ? " . Neena tells Raina that Samir is back . Raina then goes to the airport to the gate where they both separated and are united . Then Raina introduces all the people who helped her including Aakash . Samir thanks them all for helping Raina while he was away . Aakash and Harsh send Tia into Raina and Samir 's place so they will not sleep together . Samir thinking Tia really needs help agrees to let her stay at their place while he 'll bunk with Harsh and Aakash . Harsh and Aakash realize they did n't think the plan through and now are stuck with Mr.Khanna sleeping with them . On the first night with Mr.Khanna , Samir once again thanks the guys for helping Raina and then gives them an inspirational bed time story where Raina accidentally threw a tissue paper on the ground and the guy who cleans the area said Oye Miss pick that up and throw it in the garbage . Raina is so impressed she started talking to him and Raina is a type of person who is so sweet anyone misunderstands that she 's in love with them but really she just wants to be their friend . Then Samir asks what they do , Aakash says that they are bartenders and then Samir asks that they should drink together sometime but he asks them what they do after work Harsh quickly says they clean tables and realize that the story was intended towards them . Both of them insulted say good night and fall asleep . Harsh then says that we need to find a hot girl to seduce Samir that will make Raina question his character . Both Aakash and Harsh then go to Haseena Jagmagia to get her to seduce Samir and She agrees . Aakash and Harsh take Samir to a bar where Haseena Jagmagia is dancing . They try to get Samir drunk and are successful to do so . Aakash and Harsh are just waiting on Tia to bring Raina to see what Samir is doing . However , after dancing with Haseena for a while Samir returns to the bar and when Raina walks in she see 's Harsh and Aakash dancing with Haseena . Harsh 's plan has failed as now Aakash and Harsh 's character has come into questioning . Soon Samir moves back in with Raina and Harsh and Aakash are running out of plans . Samir and Raina go out to Dinner and Raina asks for champagne while Samir says that they already have wine why would we need champagne as Champagne is for Celebration . Samir holds Raina 's hand and asks her what she wants she says nothing except for his company and she pauses for a bit . Then she says I want a little Samir , hinting she wants to start a family . Samir is happy and asks for 4 bottles of champagne . Back at Aakash 's place , Aakash has received the court papers for Raina and his marriage date . Raina and Samir return home with Samir being really romantic as they are both in the mood for sex . Raina goes to freshen up . As Samir is going inside he realizes a package for Raina is here . Samir then opens the package and its the court papers . Samir then asks her who Aakash really is . Raina saying that he 's a really good friend and how he 's helped her through so much . Samir then pulls out the court papers . Raina then tells him that it was only for the work permit so she could work . Samir says that she could have told him before hand and he could have gotten her the work permit . Now a confident Raina talks back and says just like the way you left me to go to Singapore . Angered Samir now gives Raina the option of her coming to Singapore back with him or to get Divorced so she can get married to Aakash . Again at a crossroads Raina does n't know what to do . Raina asks Aakash if he loves her . Aakash tells her that she is so pretty that anyone can fall in love with you Mrs.Khanna . Samir then jokes about Raina checking her boarding ticket that they are both going to the same place . Samir then sends Raina to go to boarding while Aakash stops Samir and says you two were made for each other . He then adds that Mrs.Khanna never let me near her at least you hug me . Samir and Aakash are shown on good terms and Samir leaves . Samir and Raina are now on the plane waiting for it to take off while a flight attendant comes in and gives Raina a bouquet of flowers from Mr.Khanna . Raina then thanks Samir for giving her the flowers as they are beautiful . Samir starts laughing admitting that they are beautiful but they are not from him . Raina then realizes there is a card in the bouquet . She opens up the card where its expressing Mr.Khanna 's love for Raina . As soon as she reads the name on the card Samir says do you now realize why he use to Call you Mrs. Khanna and not Raina ? The bouquet was in fact from Aakash who 's surname is Khanna and he would pretend that Raina was his wife referring to her as Meri Mrs. Khanna . Raina then Smiles and now leaving Melbourne to start her life afresh with Samir . Aakash is still thinking about Mrs.Khanna , while a young beautiful girl appears and asks if they are open . Harsh quickly says yes and starts up coffee . Harsh then hints to Aakash to try his luck with her . Aakash then asks the young girl what 's her name . She replies saying Mrs.Khan . Aakash and Harsh are shocked and then Aakash get the idea of getting into trouble with another Mrs. But then quickly the girl says that she wanted to be Mrs.Khan but it did n't happen . Happy Aakash then tries his luck as she asks his name . Harsh then says his name is Mr. Khan . Confused Aakash adds the " - na " to Khan . Then asks if she 's looking to get married . The confused girl then says good - bye and is about to leave when Harsh indicates for Aakash to start singing the song that he and Mrs.Khanna danced to on New Years . The girl then stops , looks back and smiles . Afterwards it is seen that the girl and Aakash are sitting together talking . Aakash asks the girl what her name is and she simply replies by saying her name is Raina . Aakash starts laughing and then jokingly asks if the Mr.Khan guy she was supposed to get married to name was named Samir and she replies yes how did you know ? The movie ends here as Aakash is shocked because of the coincidence .
Kenny positive Spyro ; Kenny neutral Kayo ; Kenny positive Marcus ; Spyro negative Kayo ; John positive Bobby ; Jake negative Kenny ; Jake negative Laurie ; Jake positive Spyro ; Damien negative Spyro ; Jake neutral John <$> The movie opens to a narration detailing the poor economic state of a gang - ridden Gary . The narrator explains to the audience of how the city came into such a state . After the opening narrative , the scene switches to the base of operations for the Rebels , a local street gang , and a one - on - one basketball game between a Rebel gang member and a local boy named Kenny Thompson . Kenny humiliates the Rebel by winning and taking the gambled winnings for his own . After he leaves , Spyro , the current co-leader of the Rebels is under the impression that Kenny 's skills are something more than " something he picked up . " He instructs his lieutenant , Kayo , to exact retribution on Kenny for being hustled . While Kenny and his friend Marcus are relaxing at a diner , Kenny decides to call his girlfriend . He enters a phone booth to make the call , but is subsequently shot by Kayo in a drive - by shooting ; his mother , Laurie Thompson , alarmed by the gunshots , steps outside her home to discover her son murdered . One of the owners of the grocery store , Marvin Bookman , a well - respected member of the community by both the Rebels and local citizens , feels that justice should be brought to Kenny 's murderer and discloses the license plate number of the shooter 's vehicle . When the Rebels discover this , Spyro orders Kayo to dispose of the vehicle . Spyro and Damien then proceed to confront Marvin about his assistance to the investigators of Kenny 's death ; Marvin argues that Kenny was a good person and did not deserve to be shot . The co-leaders of the Rebels describe how they respected the Bookmans ' store and , while others around it were robbed and ransacked , their store was left alone ; the fact that Marvin would " sell them out " expresses a high amount of disrespect to the Rebels , who then immediately seek revenge on Marvin . Eventually , Kayo and Bobby , with a group of fellow Rebels , attacks the grocery store , resulting in the near - fatal shooting of Marvin by Bobby . The attack on Marvin 's life prompts his son , pro football coach and ex-Rebel John Bookman , to return to the impoverished Gary neighborhood to find Bobby the shooter . After seeing his father , John goes to save his father 's shop and kicked all the Rebels fellows out of there . Then he goes to a local barbershop , where Kayo eventually turns up ; trouble immediately brews , and John and the gang members fight . John has the upper hand , but is overpowered . Jake Trevor , another original Rebel , enters the fray and saves John . After the fight , the two converse , and it is revealed that Jake is here to bury his illegitimate son , Kenny Thompson . The next day , John and Jake attend Kenny 's funeral , where a distraught Laurie Thompson is reunited with her ex-husband . While talking , Laurie implores Jake to reconsider seeking vengeance upon his son 's murderers , expressing her disdain by stating that he always wishes to resolve such issues by fighting , which " only makes things worse " . Jake goes to visit " Slick " , who reveals to Jake that his son was killed because he hustled the Rebels ; Jake is astounded and enraged that his son was killed over money . After failed treaty negotiations , deception , and the rising of neighborhood gang violence , all of the original Rebels - John Bookman , Laurie , Jake , Slick and Bubba - with the help of Kenny 's friend Marcus , decide to take justice into their own hands and attack the Rebels . They devise a plan to " lose " a trunk of weapons to the Rebels ; when the Rebels tried to use said weapons , the guns malfunctioned and " exploded " in their faces , stunning many Rebels . In another area , Rebels are attempting to escape the battle , but are stopped by a group of community members , armed with bats and other improvised weapons . Eventually , Spyro and Damien fear they may lose the fight , and escape to the old steel mill ; Jake and John follow . After an intense hand - to - hand fight between Jake and Spyro , Spyro is killed . After Spyro is taken down , the leader of a rival gang , Blood , along with a few cohorts , shoots a battered Damien ; the leadership of the Rebels is destroyed . When Jake and John exit the steel mill , the police arrive ; John states how " they always show up late . " Jake retorts , " I know what you mean . "
Molly negative Aaron ; Molly negative Eddie ; Molly negative Jason ; Molly negative Kelso ; Mary neutral Molly ; Molly negative Marshall ; Mary negative Andrea ; Chantal negative Eddie ; Aaron negative Chantal <$> Molly Keller ( [ [ A. J. Cook , narrowly misses being murdered by a serial killer , after managing to escape an island . Five years later , she takes a forensic psychology class from famous expert Marshall Kane . Also in the class are Jason Korda , Chantal Etienne , Marisa Tavares , Eddie Sackman , Mary - Anne Nordstrom , Andrea Carter and Aaron Kroeker . During a class , Marshall pranks his class by pretending to murder one of the students , to show anyone could be a killer . After class , Aaron reveals he knows about Molly 's past , which angers her as she does not want to talk about her past . Eddie hits on Molly , but she rejects him . At night , the group , excluding Aaron , meet for a study session , however have an argument over Molly 's hostile attitude . They decide to go to a party taking place in an abandoned building . Jason attempts to get to know Molly , but she remains distant . Meanwhile , Marisa has sex with a masked man , before she hears Chantal and Andrea talking about her . Marisa decides to leave , but is taken up to an isolated floor of the building by the elevator . She is soon attacked and stabbed by the killer , before she falls out a window . A chain , wrapped around her ankle , catches her , but the killer hoists her back up and stabs her to death , before sending her body crashing through a window into the party below . The next day , the group mourn Marisa 's death , while deciding they will try and identify who the killer is . Molly meets Detective Kelso , who was part of the investigation of the previous murders . The pair go to the murder scene where Detective Kelso warns Molly that he believes the killer is back . Mary - Anne is driving home to see her family when a black truck begins to ram into the back of her car . She attempts to drive away , but the truck pushes her to the side of a cliff . As she attempts to get out , the truck hits her car again , causing her to crash through the windscreen and plummet to her death . Detective Kelso finds her body in a nearby shed , where the killer has stabbed her repeatedly . Molly challenges Marshall , and shows the killer is following the pattern of the famous serial killer Jack the Ripper . Jason manages to persuade the group to continue investigating despite their doubt . Molly and Jason discover a murderer previously held Marshall hostage . Chantal kisses Jason , but soon apologises to Molly for doing so , and the pair make friends . While Andrea is at the morgue identifying Mary - Anne 's wounds , she is pursued by the killer who drugs her before murdering her . Jason , Chantal , and Eddie find out about Molly 's past , which causes an argument resulting in Molly removing herself from the group . An upset Molly is comforted by Marshall . The following night , Molly , Jason , Eddie , Chantal , and Marshall are taken to a cabin where they realize the victims share the same initials of the victims of Jack the Ripper . Suspicion falls on Aaron , who was the one that assembled the study group . They attempt to phone Detective Kelso , but the phone is not working . After Molly and Chantal fall out , Eddie , Jason , and Chantal leave to try and fix the phone satellite on top of the mountain . Their car soon breaks down , forcing Jason to carry on on foot . Eddie attempts to fix the car , while Chantal remains inside . The killer soon appears and knocks out Chantal before Eddie 's hand is trapped inside the bonnet of the car . Chantal wakes up and panics , driving the car forward into a tree , killing Eddie . The killer chases Chantal to a factory , where she accidentally activates a log splitting machine . She bumps into Aaron who warns her he knows who the killer is . She tries to escape , but they fall into the machine , where they are both mutilated by the circular saws . Back at the cabin , Molly becomes suspicous of both Jason and Marshall . As Jason arrives back , Molly knocks him out before running into the forest . She discovers Marshall standing over a murdered Jason , before Detective Kelso arrives and knocks out Marshall . Molly then hallucinates and sees her younger self in the forest , gesturing to the two men and suggesting that Molly is the one who killed them all . Later , Marshall is executed for the murders , and due to visible mental problems , Molly is put in an insane asylum . It has been said that the killer was never definitively named in the film , and there is suggestion that Detective Kelso is actually the killer . During the opening murder scene , as the young Molly escapes on a boat , she stabs the killer in the hand while he attempts to climb onto the boat after her . Detective Kelso is seen in every scene in the movie to be wearing only one glove on the same hand that the killer was stabbed in .
Manu positive Mammootty ; Neethu neutral Vinayaka ; Neethu neutral Vinayakan ; Neethu neutral Manu ; Manu neutral Vinayakan <$> Surya is Vinayaka Naickar 's stepbrother . Vinayakan is very rich ; Surya is struggling to make a living . Vinayakan sends some amount every month to Surya and that 's how he survives . Manu is Surya 's friend who dreams about becoming a filmmaker . One day Manu meets star Mammootty on the set of a movie shooting and tells him that he has a story which he plans to make as a movie . Mammootty listens to the synopsis and tells Manu to call him once the script is ready . Since Manu got the dates from a super star like Mammootty , he plans to make the movie soon and looks for finance . Manu introduces Surya as the producer and lends money from a lender called Bhasi at a very high rate of interest . The production assistant runs away with that money . Surya has to repay that money and he has nothing with him . So he lies to Vinayaka that he got married and he needs cash . Vinayaka says that he is busy to come but will send the money . Surya 's even introduces his girlfriend Neethu as his wife to Vinayaka 's advocate Uthaman . Later when Neethu is in Bangkok with her father , Vinayakan comes to meet the couple . Surya , out of desperation , asks Diya to act as Neethu . While things were going smooth , Neethu comes back from vacation and further confusions arise . Now Neethu has to act as Manu 's girlfriend . They appoints a servant called Thamara at their house but Surya has to introduce her as the sister of Neethu to Vinayakan . She creates all sort of problems for Surya and Manu . Surya and Manu has to tell all sorts of lies to hide the truth but the truth finally surfaces . At that time , it turns out that Vinayakan was aware of what was happening and Thamara was his wife who he sent to their home in advance to get the facts . Finally Manu makes Surya 's story as his script and makes a movie in which Mammootty plays the real - life character of Vinayakan . The movie ends when Vinayakan congratulates Mammootty for his acting skills after the final scene in the movie .
Anjali positive Akash <$> RJ Akash has been in a broken relationship with Priya . He agrees to get married to Anjali only because of his parents express wish . When the marriage ceremony is over - Anjali demands a divorce from Akash as her marriage is a sham and she was forced into the marriage by her father when she actually loved Hemant . Akash agrees to give her a divorce and brings her to his flat in Bangalore . Eventually Akash and Anjali become friends and Akash even reconciles and brings Anjali together with Hemant thanks to his radio program but it turns out that Hemant was one who loved Anjali only for money and was well paid by Anjali 's father . Anjali is horrified and attempts suicide but Akash convinces her to move on and encourages her to apply and study in the USA . As time goes by - Anjali falls in love with Akash but Akash does not realize it till the end when he stops her from Flying to the US and they live happily ever after .
he positive Becky <$> A corporate executive named Charles is preparing for his vacation on a cruise . However , the office temp tells him that he is going to die on the cruise if he swims in the ocean , apparently to get eaten by a shark . Becky explains to the surprised Charles that she is an amateur psychic whose dreams predict the future . Charles dismisses her warnings , though he does take heed , and goes on the vacation , even swimming . When he returns , however , he finds that Becky has had a nervous breakdown , and is in a mental institution . Charles visits Becky , who is on medication , and explains his safety . Charles then promises her that he 'll visit the next day . Charles leaves , wondering whether to cross the street or taking the subway ...
Priya positive his ; Bharath neutral Laasya ; Saroja positive Karpooram ; Rahim negative Zara ; Rahim negative Shivaram ; her positive his ; Rahim negative Khan ; Rahim positive Bharath ; Saroja positive Bharath <$> Cable Raja is a cable operator born and raised in a slum area in Chennai . He bemoans his poverty and wishes to become rich by marrying his girlfriend Priya . He cons her into believing he is well off , and adopts a well - bred persona in front of her . Raja is always accompanied by his best friend Seenu ( [ [ Santhanam and guided by Bhajan singer Ganesh . When he is asked by Priya to buy high - priced passes to a New Year 's Eve gala , he finds himself severely short of money . After a failed attempt at chain snatching and crossing paths with the police , he heads to a hospital with theft on his mind . Bharath Chakravarthy is an aspiring rockstar from Bangalore , who is irresponsible but well - meaning . His mother disapproves of his dreams and wishes him to become an army officer , which he opposes . When his band misses their flight to a live concert because of him , he takes them to Chennai via road . En route , Bharath and his girlfriend Laasya are attacked by religious fanatics , but are aided by strangers , which causes him to reflect on life . They finally arrive in Chennai , but their vehicle collides with an auto - rickshaw carrying a pregnant woman . Sacrificing their concert , Bharath and Laasya rush her to the hospital . Saroja is a prostitute working at Rani Amma 's brothel at the Tamil Nadu - Andhra border . When she discovers that her life is constantly in danger while working there , she escapes to Chennai with her co-worker Karpooram , a eunuch , in hopes of starting her own business venture . On arrival , she is hounded by both thugs and policemen , ultimately being led into a trap . In an ensuing fight , Karpooram is mortally wounded . Desperate , Saroja carries her to the hospital . Rahim and his wife Zara had lost their unborn twins in a communal riot in Coimbatore . When Zara becomes pregnant again a few months later , Rahim heads to Chennai to locate his younger brother who had run away following the riots . There , he comes into repeated conflict with anti-Muslim officer Shivaram , who suspects him of being a terrorist . Despite his claims of innocence , Rahim is brutally assaulted by the cop , and admitted in the hospital under close watch . Lakshmi is the daughter - in - law of a poor weaver in Thoothukudi . When the weaver is unable to pay back a loan to a cruel money lender , the latter kidnaps Lakshmi 's young son , a bright student , and refuses to release him until his debt is cleared . Lakshmi arrives in Chennai with her father - in - law , hoping to sell her kidney to obtain the money . After initial hassles , she undergoes the operation and receives the money , although it is still insufficient . At that point , Cable Raja enters and steals the cash from her , ignoring her pleas . In a state of despair , Lakshmi and her father - in - law contemplate suicide . Struck by his conscience , Raja is unable to continue his plan . He admits the truth to Priya and returns the money , even giving up some of his own money , gaining Lakshmi 's forgiveness . Meanwhile , Rahim discovers that terrorist leader Mansoor Khan and his gang are planning to kill all the people at the hospital . Rahim tries to escape , but on seeing Bharath wheeling in a pregnant woman , he is reminded of his wife and offers to help them . The terrorist strike begins and several people are shot dead . Raja , Bharath , Rahim and Saroja lead a small bunch of survivors to an abandoned room . Cable Raja and Bharath fights and kill a terrorist one - on - one . While Bharath sustaining multiple bullet wounds to his shoulder in order to save Saroja . Rahim saves Shivaram from a shooter and comes face to face with his brother , who is part of the terrorist gang . When confronted , Rahim 's brother shoots himself . Just then , Mansoor Khan reveals himself to be a human bomb , and primes himself to explode . Cable Raja sacrifices himself by throwing himself and Khan out the window , and dies in the explosion . In the aftermath , Bharath has lost his hand but is alive ; he is hailed as a national hero . Saroja and Karpooram head toward a new decent life , hoping to find redemption . Lakshmi pays off the money lender and gives her son a proper education . Rahim is asked forgiveness by Shivaram , which he grants , and accepts him as his brother . Cable Raja is mourned by the people in his community , and Priya as well , and Ganesh and Seenu hail him as a martyr .
Klaasje negative Dennis ; Victor positive Kees ; Victor positive Kiki ; Valentine neutral Kiki ; De neutral Valentine ; De neutral Kiki ; his neutral Kees <$> The actor who annually plays Sinterklaas dies just before the arrival of television crew . A mysterious new Sinterklaas named Jan replaces him . Just a short while after his public appearance , he jumps into water to save a little girl who falls into it , and then he runs away from the crowd and disappears . He is found by the production assistant of the television show next day , and agrees to appear in television shows on knowing that playing Sinterklaas is a paid job . He becomes quite popular on television because of his alternative style . Klaasje has left her husband Dennis , because he cheated on her with a young and attractive elementary school teacher . Dennis wants her back , but his chances seem to plummet when she has a fling with a 16 - year - old boy , whom she meets during the funeral of her father , the deceased actor who used to play Sinterklaas annually . Klaasje ’s best friend Simone , the mother of the girl rescued by Sinterklaas , is the linchpin in her family . Her husband Ted often feels redundant . He loses his job , but he is afraid to tell his dominant wife about it . Swimming instructor Victor looks forward to marrying his love Kees , an undertaker . But Kees has doubts and fears about committed life . During the marriage ceremony , he walks away without saying ‘ yes ’ . Victor 's sister Kiki , a saleswoman at the jewellery section of De Bijenkorf , has always dreamt of a Prince Charming . During the arrival of Sinterklaas , Kiki almost runs into Crown Prince Valentine , while driving a horse carriage . Kiki is dressed as a campaign gift and the prince takes her in his arms as she tries to get down from the carriage . Prince Valentine falls in love with her . Next morning he visits De Bijenkorf to see Kiki . But Kiki desists from seeing him , and rejects him on the grounds that he will not take her seriously . To still come into contact with her , Prince Valentine dresses as Black Peter , does antics at De Bijenkorf for work . In the evening , he offers to drop her home and ends up having a wild night with her . The next morning , however , he sneaks away through the window without saying goodbye to Kiki . Kiki follows him to his hotel and confronts him . It turns out that Kiki knew all along that Prince Valentine was playing Black Pieter but just wanted to see how far he would go for her . They end up kissing each other . On the night of Sinterklaas Eve , the Jan again runs away before his appearance in the show . He is spotted by Ted who recognizes him to be the one who had rescued his daughter from water . Ted invites Jan , dressed as Sinterklaas , for a beer to his house . All the children of the town slowly flock around him as word secretively spreads among them that he is there . The television crew also eventually comes there . During his TV interview , he speaks candidly about his life and his regrets . He also tells that the name of his son is Kees and that he left his son while his son was three . The 5th December Special TV show comes to an end and Sinterklass is seen walking out of on the snowy street . As he walks and looks around , all the couples are shown one by one to have found out what to do with their lives . Having found his father on the television show , Kees drives with Victor to meet him . They come across him in the middle of the road as they were driving . The movie ends with Jan , dressed as Sinterklaas , embracing Kees.Plot Outline Dutch Wikipedia
Jiya positive Daksh ; John positive Daksh <$> The film starts with Daksh Mittal , a charming and continually drunk millionaire . One day , he sees a girl , Jiya on the street and falls in love at first sight . Jiya is working as a strip dancer and has a mentally handicapped brother . Daksh and Jiya spend some time with each other and fall in love . Daksh , however , is supposed to marry Anahita Madhwani in order to inherit a million - dollar trust . For help , Daksh turns to his butler , John Uncle . John Uncle wanted Daksh to end up marrying Jiya . However , John gets very ill and gets admitted to a hospital . The engagement party for Daksh and Anahita is taking place and John Uncle manages to convince Jiya to go to the party . Daksh and Jiya dance , and meanwhile , John Uncle is dying at the hospital . Daksh decides to honour John Uncle 's memory and goes to propose to Jiya – she accepts and after a final clash with the family , Daksh is allowed to marry her and they live happily ever after .
Hawkins negative her ; Jeremy negative Ellis ; Jeremy negative her ; Evan neutral Ellis ; Ellis neutral her ; Lejune positive Ellis <$> One hundred years ago , deep in the sullen backwoods of the southern states , a Confederate town is held captive , the soldiers forced to walk through a piece of woodland laced with mines . Because he is found wearing a Confederate States Army outfit , Jeremy , a young boy is also forced to make the crossing . If they make it across the minefield the Union Army 44th will set them free . Only Jeremy and his mother - who runs to save him - survive , despite the fact that the mother has stepped on a mine . Jeremy exhibits unearthly powers . Jump to circa 1985 and a platoon of soldiers are out on manouevres in the same backwoods . They too are the 44th , descendants of the Union platoon of years before , those who committed the atrocities . The main character here is Pvt. Ellis , the only soldier to catch glimpses of the beautiful and mysterious Melanie ; Ellis also has a romantic interest in Pvt. Lejune . The platoon decide to camp inside a circle of yellow grass seemingly caused by brush fire , a spot from which the wind only blows outward . Pvt. Ellis is reluctant to camp there , but Sgt. Hawkins does not like having her authority undermined . Whilst the platoon are setting up camp , Melanie reappears - this time witnessed by all in the platoon - and takes a strong interest in Pvt. Ellis who bears an uncanny resemblance to her husband , Evan . Trouble for Sgt. Hawkins and her platoon begins with the soldiers ' drunken and childish antics ; however , events take a sinister turn when Pvt. Cort is found shot in the head . They inexplicably lose radio contact and the nearest town is over twenty miles away . Hawkins and her platoon go in search of - and arrest - Melanie , who lives in an old wooden shack with what looks to be her father or grandfather , a withered old man . In the cabin they discover the relics of muskets and an old diary , written by Evan . They take Melanie back to camp , but leave the old man at the cabin ; he is too old and frail to go anywhere . During the night , an eerie fog rolls in , encompassing the 44th , and the Confederate Dead close in on their camp . Most of the 44th are subsequently killed - one - by - one - whilst Pvt. Ellis heads off into the woods in search of the old man who , it turns out , is Jeremy . Along the way he is forced to do battle with the Confederate zombies and also runs into Melanie , who shows him a locket . Inside is a picture of Evan and Ellis immediately recognizes the resemblance . He snatches the locket from around her neck and runs in the direction of the cabin . Once there he persuades Jeremy to end the evil spell and send Melanie and the zombies back to wherever it is the dead are supposed go . Exhausted , Jeremy dies and Ellis returns to the camp where Lejune and Hawkins are waiting , the only survivors . Ellis embraces Lejune and the locket falls from his hand to the woodland floor , where it is lost amongst the leaves.Lee - Williams , Matt : Supernaturals , The , Synopsis , Amazon [ accessed ] April 28 , 2011 .
Doug positive Chappy ; Doug positive Nakesh ; Force negative Doug <$> Doug Masters , son of veteran U.S. Air Force pilot Col. Ted Masters , is a hotshot civilian pilot , hoping to follow in his father 's footsteps . Then , his hopes are dashed when he receives a notice of rejection from the Air Force Academy . Making matters worse is the news of his father being shot down and captured by the fictional Arab state of Bilya while patrolling over the Mediterranean Sea . Despite the incident occurring over international waters , the Arab state 's court finds Col. Masters guilty of trespassing over their territory and sentences him to hang in three days . Seeing that the U.S. government will do nothing to save his father 's life , Doug decides to take matters into his own hands and come up with his own rescue mission . He requests the help of Col. Charles " Chappy " Sinclair , a Vietnam veteran pilot currently in the Air Force Reserve , who has known Col. Masters for only a couple of years . Chappy is skeptical at first , but Doug convinces him that with his friends , he has full access to the airbase 's intelligence and resources and he can give him an F - 16 fighter for the mission . To Doug 's surprise , he learns that Chappy had already begun planning the rescue operation himself after he learned the outcome of Col. Masters ' trial . The combined efforts of Chappy and Doug 's team result in a meticulously planned mission and the procurement of two heavily armed F - 16 planes , with Doug flying the second unit . On the day of Col. Masters ' execution , Doug and Chappy fly their planes to the Mediterranean Sea and cross into the enemy state 's airspace . In the ensuing battle , they take out three MiG - 23 fighters and destroy an airfield , but Chappy 's plane is damaged by an anti-aircraft gun . He tells Doug to climb to a high altitude and play the tape he made him the night before , then his engine fails and Doug listens as Chappy 's fighter goes down . Chappy 's recorded voice gives Doug encouragement and details that help him complete the mission and rescue his father . Making the enemy believe he is leading a squadron , Doug threatens the enemy state into releasing his father from prison and moving him to the base 's northernmost runway for pickup . Before Doug lands his plane , Col. Masters is shot by an Arab sniper , causing Doug to destroy the airbase and engulf the runway with napalm to keep the army at bay while he lands and picks up his wounded father . Just as they take off , Doug and his father encounter another group of MiGs led by Col. Akir Nakesh - himself an ace pilot . The lone F - 16 and Nakesh 's MiG engage in a long dogfight until a missile from Doug finishes off Nakesh . Low on fuel and ammunition , the F - 16 is being pursued by the other enemy MiGs when a squadron of U.S. Air Force F - 16s appear , warding off the MiGs before escorting Doug and his father to Ramstein Air Base in Germany . While Col. Masters is being treated for his wounds , Doug is reunited with Chappy , who had ejected from his plane and was picked up by a fishing trawler . The two are summoned by an Air Force judiciary panel for their reckless actions . Seeing that any form of punishment for the duo would expose an embarrassing lapse in Air Force security , the panel forgoes prosecution as long as Doug and Chappy never speak of their operation to anyone . In addition , Chappy convinces the panel to grant Doug admission to the Air Force Academy . A plane assigned by the President returns to the U.S. , reuniting Doug , Chappy and Col. Masters with family and friends .
Sharon neutral Mike <$> Situated in the early 1980s , the plot focuses on Cindy Fralick , a parking enforcement officer who is uninspired by her job . One day , she witnesses the injuries of an accident and she decides she wants to help people . She considers applying at the fire department , but feels discouraged because there are no female firefighters in Los Angeles . She passes the writing exams , but the people at the oral exams has no trust that she will ever be strong enough for the physical tests . When her husband suddenly files for divorce , she at first changes her mind about her career ambitions , until her best friend Sharon encourages her not to give up . The fire department staff does n't take her training seriously , but she proves to be one of the best during physical tests . Cindy soon becomes the talk of the town , earning the respect of all her co-trainees . After the training , she becomes the first woman since sixty years to pass the tests . She enters the academy , but is required to cut her hair short . She is treated horribly and she considers dropping out . Her chief encourages her to allow herself to get used to the military treatment , assuring her it will only take nine weeks . After finally becoming an official firefighter , she gets a lot of media attention . This upsets her , as she just wanted a job , not desiring to be anyone 's hero . Her colleagues are initially annoyed by her , because they feel they ca n't be themselves in the presence of a woman . However , she is soon one of the guys and wins the heart from fellow firefighter Mike . On her first real job , she wins the respect of her bosses by not showing any fear of the fire . She starts going out with Mike , but he soon irritates her . She thinks it 's because he is n't romantic enough , but Sharon feels that it 's to soon for her to be involved with someone since the divorce . Meanwhile , she decides to change to a paramedic , but still has to deal with the prejudice . In the end , she is the one who saves a heroin addict who overdoses . She decides not to end her relationship with Mike .
Gelsomina neutral his ; Zampanò neutral his ; Gelsomina neutral Zampanò <$> Gelsomina , a credulous young woman , learns that her sister Rosa has died since going on the road with the strongman Zampanò . Now the same man has returned a year later to ask her mother if Gelsomina will take Rosa 's place . The mother accepts 10,000 lire and her daughter departs the same day . Zampanò makes his living as an itinerant street performer , entertaining crowds by breaking an iron chain bound tightly across his chest , then passing the hat for tips . In short order , Gelsomina 's naïve and antic nature emerges , with Zampanò 's brutish methods presenting a callous foil . He teaches her to play the snare drum and trumpet , dance a bit , and clown for the audience . Despite her willingness to please , he relies on intimidation and even cruelty at times to maintain his dominion . Finally , she rebels and leaves , making her way into town . There she watches the act of another street entertainer , Il Matto , a talented high wire artist and clown . When Zampanò finds her there , he forcibly takes her back . They join a ragtag travelling circus where Il Matto already works . Il Matto teases the strongman at every opportunity , though he can not explain what motivates him to do so . On being drenched by a pail of water , Zampanò chases after his tormentor with his knife drawn ; as a result , both men are briefly jailed and eventually fired . Gelsomina 's difficulties with her forced partnership are the subject of frequent soul searching . After Il Matto 's release from prison , he proposes that there are alternatives to her servitude , and imparts his philosophy that everything and everyone has a purpose — even a pebble , even her . A nun suggests that Gelsomina 's purpose in life is comparable to her own . But when Gelsomina offers the possibility of marriage , Zampanò brushes her off . The separate paths of fool and strongman cross for the last time on an empty stretch of road , when Zampanò comes upon Il Matto fixing a flat tire . As Gelsomina watches in horror , the strongman strikes the clown on the head several times . Il Matto complains that his watch is broken , then collapses and dies . Zampanò hides the body and pushes the car off the road . The killing breaks Gelsomina 's spirit . After ten days , her affect remains flat and her eyes lifeless . Finally Zampanò abandons her while she is taking a nap . Some years later , he overhears a woman singing a tune Gelsomina often played . He learns that the woman 's father had found Gelsomina on the beach and kindly taken her in . However , she had wasted away and died . Zampanò gets drunk and wanders to the beach , where he breaks down and cries uncontrollably .
Moe negative Jack <$> After three thieves steal an armored truck and kidnap a witness , the abandoned building they use to transfer the cash to another vehicle happens to be the home of Moe , a penniless saxophone player , who is being visited by his small - time criminal brother Jack . While good - natured Moe only wants to save the hostage , Jack wants to steal some of the money in the truck for himself . Meanwhile , two of the thieves plan to betray the third , not knowing that he too has a plan of his own .
Holman negative Chien ; Kuomintang negative Holman ; Holman neutral Eckert ; Eckert neutral Jameson <$> In 1926 , Machinist 's Mate 1st Class Jake Holman transfers from the Asiatic Fleet flagship to the Yangtze River Patrol gunboat USS San Pablo . Life aboard a gunboat is very different . It has a labor system – condoned by officers – wherein coolies do the work , leaving the sailors free for combat drills and idle bickering . The coolie laborers ' " rice bowl " is derived from doing the work that the sailors would normally do . Because he personally enjoys taking care of ships ' engines , Holman bucks the " coolie " system , overseeing the operation of the power plant himself - thereby antagonizing not only the chief engine - room coolie , Chien , but his ship - mates as well . Holman 's " connection " with the engine is conveyed when he personally introduces himself to the apparatus during his first trip to the ship 's engine room . Although he becomes close friends with one seasoned and sensitive seaman , Frenchy , most of the other members of the crew see Holman 's attitude as a threat to their cushy arrangement , and accuse him of being a Jonah . Holman discovers a serious defect that the coolies have not fixed . Holman informs the Captain , who declines to authorize an engine shutdown for the repair . Only after the Executive Officer observes the same problem and declares an emergency , does the Captain agree . The chief engine - room coolie , Chien , after insisting upon taking Holman 's place in the dangerous crank pit , is accidentally killed when the jacking gear slips due to its poor condition . The chief coolie , Lop - eye Shing , blames Holman , who maintains that the death was caused by the deceased coolie 's own poor work , not by ghosts in the machinery . Holman asks the Captain to allow him to run the engine room properly , but is ordered to train a replacement coolie and concentrate on his military duties . Holman selects Po - han ( [ [ Mako as the replacement and invests time training him . The two form a friendship . Po - Han is harassed by one sailor , leading to a boxing match on which the crewmen place bets . Po - Han 's victory leads to more antagonism between Holman and crew members , as well as the chief coolie , who wants to kick Po - Han off the ship but is foiled by Holman . An incident involving British gunboats leads to the Captain ordering the crew not to fire on , or return fire from the Chinese , to avoid diplomatic incidents . Po - Han is sent ashore by the chief coolie . Po - han is captured and tortured by a mob of Chinese in full view of the crew , only yards from shore . With the crew poised to repel boarders , and under intense pressure , the Captain attempts to negotiate for Po - Han 's release with offers of American money ; his efforts are fruitless . Po - Han begs for someone to kill him . Holman disobeys orders and ends Po - Han 's suffering with a fatal rifle shot . The San Pablo is stuck in port at Changsha for the winter due to low water levels . It must deal with increasingly hostile crowds surrounding it in numerous smaller boats . The Captain fears a possible mutiny . Frenchy has saved a Chinese woman , Maily , from prostitution by paying her debts . He marries her and sneaks off the ship regularly , but dies of pneumonia one night . Holman searches for him and finds Maily sitting stunned by Frenchy 's corpse . Kuomintang burst in , beat up Holman , and drag Maily away . Holman returns to the ship . The next day , several Chinese float out to the San Pablo in small boats and demand the " murderer " Holman be turned over to them . Apparently , the nationalists killed Maily and blamed Holman , trying to provoke an incident . Holman informs the Captain what really happened . When the Chinese demand for Holman is refused , they blockade the San Pablo . The American crew fears for their safety and demand that Holman surrender to the Chinese against the Captain 's orders . Order is not restored until the Captain fires across the bow of one of the Chinese junks . With spring at hand , the Captain decides to risk an attempt to leave . The San Pablo sails away from the Kuomintang blockade and receives radioed orders to return to the coast . The Captain defies these orders and elects to evacuate idealistic missionary Jameson and his school teacher assistant Shirley Eckert from their remote mission up the Yangtze River . To reach the missionaries , the San Pablo must fight through a boom made up of junks carrying a massive rope blocking the river . The San Pablo returns their fire and boards one of the junks . Close - range fighting results in the deaths of several sailors and Chinese . Holman heroically cuts the boom with an axe under fire while other sailors return to the San Pablo . He is attacked and kills a Chinese man with the axe . It turns out that the man , the leader of a Nationalist student group , was known to Holman as a student of Eckert . The ship then proceeds upriver , leaving the smoking wrecks behind . Arriving near the mission , the Captain leads a patrol of three sailors , including Holman , ashore . Jameson resists rescue , claiming that it is the Captain 's actions that have endangered him , not the Chinese . Jameson shows the Captain a document claiming that he and Eckert have renounced their US citizenship and are therefore not under the Captain 's authority . The Captain tells him the paper will not matter . The Captain orders Holman to forcibly remove Eckert and Jameson , but Holman refuses the order and announces his intent to stay at the mission with them . The Captain tells Holman angrily that this is desertion . The argument is interrupted by nationalist soldiers who attack the mission and kill Jameson with paper in hand as he approaches them pleading for his life . The Captain takes a large Browning Automatic Rifle , orders the patrol to return to the ship with Miss Eckert , and remains behind to provide covering fire . As the patrol leaves , the Captain is killed , ironically leaving the normally rebellious Holman in command . Holman returns and recovers the rifle . He orders the remaining two sailors to leave with Eckert and takes the Captain 's place to cover the escape . In the ensuing shootout Holman kills several soldiers before he himself is fatally shot just before he can rejoin the others . His final words are , " I was home ... What happened ? What the hell happened ?! " Eckert and the two remaining sailors are shown successfully escaping to the ship , and the San Pablo is shown cruising off to apparent safety .
Ian positive Sam ; she positive Sam ; she neutral Ian <$> { { Plot } } Ian Wyndham ( [ [ Paul Nicholls is an English businessman who lives with his musician girlfriend , Samantha Andrews in London . Taking us through a day in Ian and Sam 's life , the film opens by showing different events such as Sam getting burnt on a kettle , Ian 's watch breaking , Sam getting Coca - Cola spilt on her and Ian being interrupted by Sam during an important meeting at work . As the day progresses we see Ian in a taxi . He tells the driver about how he and Sam are going through difficulties . The driver recommends he should just love her . After Sam 's concert that night , Ian tries to dismiss Sam 's favorite student . At dinner Sam confronts Ian where her frustration boils over . She gets angry at Ian for his attitude toward her and tells him that she just wants him to love her . Sam storms out of the restaurant in tears , Ian following close behind and asking for her forgiveness . Sam gets in a passing taxi and as Ian tries to get in beside her he notices that the driver is the same man who he traveled with earlier that day . The man gives Ian an ominous smile and as the clock hits 11 PM , Sam closes the door , leaving Ian standing there . As he watches the taxi drive away , Ian makes one last attempt to reconcile with Sam and runs after the taxi as it stops at a traffic light . Before he gets there , the lights change and the taxi begins driving again . As it speeds up , the taxi is struck violently by another car and comes to a stop on the middle of the street . Ian halts and falls on his knees in shock . At a nearby hospital , Sam is being taken into the ER and Ian is running through the hospital looking for her . He arrives outside the room where Sam was and through a windows sees her wounded and surrounded by medical personnel . Sam looks over to the window towards Ian , a blank expression on her face . Ian begins to cry and before the doctors can help her , Sam succumbs to her injuries and dies . Ian falls to the floor in the hospital in disbelief . We see Sam 's friend Lottie enter a hospital room , where Ian is sitting in a chair . They both begin to cry . Ian goes back to his apartment , finds Sam 's notebook and opens it , finding a song she was working on . He falls asleep clutching the notebook close to him . As the next day begins , Ian wakes up with the notebook still held tight . He is shocked to hear a voice behind him tell him not to read a word . He jumps up and screams , only to see Sam standing in his apartment . After the initial confusion , Ian comes to the conclusion that the previous day must have been a dream and continues the morning , happy to have Sam by his side As the morning progresses however , Sam gets burnt by her hair straighteners in the same place she had been burnt by the kettle in his supposed dream . Able to shake this off as a sheer coincidence , Ian takes no further notice of it . Other events similar to those he already experienced begin happening too , although at different times and in different ways , as Sam gets Coca - Cola spilt on her . This time Ian mentions his dream to her , and she convinces him that it was just a dream , and if his watch remains in working order then it ca n't possibly be the same day as his dream . Nonetheless , Ian is still cautious , and while in a meeting at work he holds his folder in his hands . Sam sees this from outside the glass doors and his meeting is left uninterrupted . Later in the day , Ian gets into a taxi . After talking to the taxi driver he realizes that the driver is the man from the previous day . He questions the man about this and the driver says he does not remember , although he once again gives Ian an ominous smile , implying he may in fact know about Sam 's accident and all the previous events . This convinces Ian once and for all , and he runs to Sam , who 's helping her friend Lottie set up for an art gallery . After convincing her to come with him , he brings her to a train station . After much questioning Sam reveals they are traveling to Ian 's rural home town . A delighted Sam makes sure that she 'll be back in time for her concert , which Ian ensures they will be . Ian brings Sam up a mountain , to a spot he used to visit as a child . The two find a little abandoned cottage on the mountainside to use as shelter during a rain storm . Upon setting up a fire while Sam sits down , Ian notices that his watch is cracked and is n't working . He turns to look at Sam , who 's lighting candles on a table . Sam smiles and when Ian asks what she would do if she did n't have a lot of time left , she replies that she 'd do what she 's doing right now ; spending time with him , just being together . Ian and Sam begin kissing , before making love . Afterwards , they make their way back down the mountain , disappointed that they never made it to Ian 's spot . In the town below , the two have drinks and Ian tells Sam about his father , who lost his beloved job in 1993 before becoming an alcoholic and dying sometime later . Ian reveals that he wishes he could have helped his father more , but Sam says he was only a child at the time and wherever his father is now , he 's proud of him . The two travel back to London and Ian takes Sam on the London Eye as another surprise . They then travel back to their apartment and while Sam is distracted , Ian takes a page from her notebook and brings it to a nearby photocopying shop while Sam travels to her concert with her violin . Before the show begins Ian sends a bouquet of flowers up to Sam and gives the photocopied pages to an organizer . A puzzled Sam looks out to Ian in the crowd when her bouquet arrives . His plan is soon revealed however when Ian comes onto center - stage with a microphone . He calls a reluctant Sam to his side , who gets nervous . Ian goes and talks to Sam at her seat and tells her she does n't want to disappoint her future fans . Sam proceeds onto the stage as the orchestra begins to play the song printed on Ian 's photocopied sheets . She sings the song she wrote for Ian in her notebook and the crowd burst into applause at her performance . While walking to a restaurant of Sam 's choice , she describes her feelings to Ian . In an intimate surrounding , Sam and Ian discuss the day in a sheer contrast to Ian 's experience the previous night . Ian gives Samantha a charm bracelet with different charms and symbols : a musical note , a violin , a flower , the train they took that day and the Eiffel Tower , which Sam had always wanted to see . The two sit in silence as Sam tears up and smiles across at Ian . As they leave the restaurant in a downpour , Sam tries to get a taxi to take them home . Ian realizes they are in the same spot as the previous night when the accident took place and tells her to look at him and listen . In the rain , Sam listens as Ian professes his love for her and tells her that if it were n't for her or today , he would never have known true love at all . Sam begins crying and says she does n't know what to say , to which he replies that she does n't need to say anything . A taxi pulls up and Sam gets in , beckoning Ian to get in too . He gets in next to her . As the taxi approaches the traffic lights , Ian and Sam kiss . He looks forward and sees the clock strike 11 PM and the same ominous smile he has seen so many times already . Sam smiles at him as the taxi pulls away and images of Sam 's accident flash through his mind . He sees a car light through his window and grabs Sam tight for the last time . Sam 's scream can be heard . At the hospital , we see Sam 's friend Lottie run through the halls . She turns a corner and enters a hospital room , where Sam is sitting in a bed . Sam tells Lottie about Ian 's premonition and how she did n't believe him . She and Lottie begin to cry . In the end it was Ian who was the victim of the accident . Six months later , Sam is sitting in the apartment , with Ian 's watch in her hands . Everything is packed into boxes and Sam takes a last look at the room . We see her singing on stage in a restaurant , with Lottie sitting at the closest table to her . She travels to the cottage on the mountain which she and Ian visited and continues climbing until she reaches Ian 's spot at the peak of the mountain . She stands at the top , staring out into a valley , not knowing what lies ahead .
Peter positive Elmeri ; Peter positive Hautamäki ; Dille neutral Peter <$> The story is set in 1984 . Elmeri Hautamäki is a man who has lived his entire life in a mental institution . He escapes with his homosexual nurse Janne - Petteri Broman and is joined by the Kagelberg - twins Jönssi and Dille on a quest for the hidden gold treasure of his father Kyrpä - Jooseppi Hautamäki , who was killed by a fleeing German soldier Peter North back in 1944 , in Lapland . Their escape leads them to be pursued by not only the Mental Institute 's doctors Rasikangas and Kulokoski but by the police as well . The motley crew arrives at Elmeri 's father 's site but are unable to extract a reasonable amount of gold from the river . At the dead of night Jönssi stumbles on a buried German motorbike and the bodies of two dead SS - troopers . They find out that the motorbike 's side - cart carries a chest full of Third Reich gold . Later a police - pursuit lands the group on the grounds of gay baron Eugen von Lahtinen during a poetry - themed spring - celebration . The gold - exchanger that the group goes to , Karl - Heinz Rummenigge , turns out to be working for a secret Nazi - organization . Through this contact Peter North , still alive and well , learns that Elmeri has found his gold and he returns to Finland . When Hautamäki returns to exchange the rest of the gold for cash he ends up in hand - to - hand combat with North . Hautamäki wins the fight . The gold is split among the good guys , Broman marries baron von Lahtinen , becoming the mistress of his estate . Jönssi becomes the owner of the food - processing plant which he and his brother were fired from at the beginning of the film . Dille becomes a professor at the University of Tampere . Elmeri marries a call - girl named Vanessa and has many children . He takes Peter North 's name in order to stay out of the mental asylum . Peter North ends up locked up in a Mental Institution under Hautamäki 's name for the rest of his life .
Wilson positive Pirandello <$> The film opens with Agent Pillbox walking through a forest , when he is shot and killed by an unseen assassin . Pillbox had been engaged on a dry run for a meeting that was to take place with a group of aliens seeking to help humans eliminate a chemical that will end all life on Earth , which scientists accidentally dumped in the ocean . The fee for this lifesaving miracle ? The aliens want a glass of water . However , the Russians , along with a rogue element in the FBI , would like to get to the aliens first because they have also offered something called the " Big Gun " - a gun so big that it could destroy a planet . Since the aliens have dealt with Pillbox , he is the only one they trust . Tough guy government agent Nick Pirandello is recruited to escort a meek office worker named Bob Wilson whom FBI computers have found as a lookalike for the deceased Agent Pillbox . However , Wilson is no agent , having been easily pushed around by a group of bullies who lived down the street , and by a milkman who was trying to seduce his wife . Pirandello is unconventional , and likes to do things his way . He meets Wilson at Wilson 's home , with Russian agents close on his tail . Their first meeting is to say the least awkward , with Wilson thinking he 's an intruder and trying to attack him , culminating in a shoot - out with the Russians that devastates Wilson 's house . With Wilson now reluctantly in tow , they travel across the country via the " long scenic route " in order to meet with the Aliens somewhere near Washington , D.C. Despite being told the truth , Wilson repeatedly tries to escape until Pirandello shows him a piece of alien technology that was gifted to him . Now a believer , Wilson is willing to do the job , but is still just a weakling compared to Agent Pirandello , that is , until a chance meeting with corrupt FBI agents dressed as clowns . After being lied to , and told he 's a sleeper " Super Agent " , he charges into battle . Though he 's knocked out with one punch by the clowns , Pirandello defeats them , but makes the waking / groggy Wilson believe he did it , though he admits the sleeper agent story was a lie . It proved effective though as Wilson gains a new macho attitude that he 'd never had . As Wilson grows stronger , Pirandello grows weaker , because he fell in love with a woman he met in a bar in Pittsburgh . After Pirandello abandons the mission , Wilson is left on his own . During a final shootout staged in the woods between rogue FBI element and Wilson , Pirandello finally comes to his senses and rejoins the mission . Wilson completes his quest and they receive the " good package " to save humanity . Wilson returns to his home to find it completely rebuilt . Using his new - found machismo , he deals with the bullies and the amorous milkman , bringing the final curtain to the film .
Billy negative Virgie ; Cary negative Morrison ; Dudley neutral Morrison ; Virgie neutral Morrison ; Cary negative Virgie ; Billy positive Lincoln <$> The film opens in the ballroom of the Cary plantation on Virgie ’s sixth birthday . Her slave Uncle Billy dances for her party guests , but the celebration is brought abruptly to an end when a messenger arrives with news of the assault on Fort Sumter and a declaration of war . Virgie ’s father is ordered to the Armory with horse and side - arms . He becomes a scout for the Confederate Army , crossing enemy lines to gather information . On these expeditions , he sometimes briefly visits his family . One day , Colonel Morrison , a Union officer , arrives at the Cary plantation looking for Virgie ‘s father . Virgie defies him , hitting him with a pebble from her slingshot and singing “ Dixie ” . After Morrison leaves , Cary arrives to visit his family but quickly departs when slaves warn of approaching Union troops . Led by the brutal Sgt. Dudley , the Union troops begin to loot the house . Colonel Morrison returns , puts an end to the plundering , and orders Dudley lashed . With this act , Morrison rises in Virgie ’s esteem . One stormy night , battle rages near the plantation . Virgie and her mother are forced to flee with Uncle Billy when their house is burned to the ground . Mrs. Cary falls gravely ill but finds refuge in a slave cabin . Her husband crosses enemy lines to be with his wife during her last moments . After his wife ’s death , Cary makes plans to take Virgie to his sister in Richmond . When Colonel Morrison learns of the plan , he aids Cary by providing him with a Yankee uniform and a pass . The plan is foiled , and Cary and Morrison are sentenced to death . The two are confined to a makeshift prison where Virgie and Uncle Billy visit them daily . A kindly Union officer urges Uncle Billy to appeal to President Lincoln for a pardon . Short on funds , Uncle Billy and Virgie sing and dance in public spaces and ‘ pass the cap ’ . Once in Washington , they are ushered into Lincoln ’s office where the President pardons Cary and Morrison after hearing Virgie ’s story . The film ends with Virgie happily singing “ Polly Wolly Doodle ” to her father , Colonel Morrison and a group of soldiers .
J.R. neutral Jack ; his negative Jack ; J.R. positive he ; Vivian positive he ; Carter negative her <$> In 1968 , an audience of inmates at Folsom State Prison cheer for Johnny Cash 's band as he waits backstage near a table saw , reminding him of his early life . In 1944 , Johnny , then known as J.R. , grows up the son of a share cropper on a cotton farm in Dyess , Arkansas , and is adept with hymnals , while his brother Jack is training himself to become a pastor . While Jack is sawing wood for a neighbor , J.R. goes fishing while he finishes . However , Jack injures himself with the saw , and dies of his injuries . Cash 's strained relationship with his father Ray , becomes much more difficult after Jack 's death . In 1950 , J.R. enlists in the United States Air Force as Johnny Cash , and is posted in West Germany . One day in 1952 , he finds solace in playing a guitar he bought and writing songs — one of which will become " Folsom Prison Blues " . Cash is eventually discharged , and marries his girlfriend Vivian Liberto . The couple move to Memphis , Tennessee , where Cash works as a door - to - door salesman to support his growing family . He walks past a recording studio , which inspires him to organize a band to play gospel music . Cash 's band auditions for Sam Phillips , the owner of Sun Records . Phillips interrupts the audition and asks Cash to play a song that he really " feels " , prompting them to play " Folsom Prison Blues " . The band is contracted by Sun Records . The band begins touring as Johnny Cash and the Tennessee Two . He meets many different artists on tour , including June Carter , with whom Cash soon falls in love . Cash begins spending more time with June , who divorces her first husband , Carl Smith . After an attempt by Cash to woo June backfires , he begins to take drugs and alcohol . After his behavior peaks during a performance with June , they go their separate ways . Over Vivian 's objections , Johnny persuades June to come out of semi-retirement at an awards show and tour with him . The tour is a success , but backstage , Vivian is critical of June 's influence . After one Las Vegas performance , Cash and June sleep together in her hotel room . The next morning , she notices Cash taking several pills and begins to doubt her choices . At that evening 's concert , Cash , upset by Carter 's apparent rejection , behaves erratically and eventually passes out . June disposes of Cash 's drugs and begins to write " Ring of Fire " , describing her feelings for Cash and her pain at watching him descend into addiction . On his way home , Cash travels to Mexico to purchase more drugs and is arrested . Cash 's marriage to Vivian begins to crumble and after a final violent dispute , the pair eventually divorce and Cash moves to Nashville in 1966 . In an attempt to reconcile with June , Cash buys a large house near a lake in Hendersonville . His parents , and the extended Carter family , arrive for Thanksgiving , at which time Ray dismisses his son 's achievements and behavior . After eating , June 's mother — aware of her daughter 's true feelings toward Cash — encourages her to help him . After a long detoxification period , Cash wakes up with June by his side . June says she , and God , have given Cash a second chance . Although not formally a couple , the two begin to spend most of their time with each other . Cash discovers that most of his fan mail comes from prisoners , impressed with the outlaw image that Cash has cultivated . Cash visits his recording company he signed with in 1958 , Columbia Records , and proposes that he record an album live inside Folsom Prison . Despite Columbia 's doubts , Cash says that he will perform regardless and the label can use the tapes if they wish . At the Folsom Prison concert , Cash tells how he always admired prisoners , explaining that his arrest for drug possession helped him to relate to them . The concert is a great success , and Cash embarks on a tour with June and his band . While on a tour bus , Cash goes to see June in the back of the bus . Waking up June , he proposes to her , but she turns him down . At the next concert , June tells him that he is only allowed to speak with her on stage . There , Cash persuades June to join him in a duet . In the middle of the song , Cash stops playing , explaining that he can not sing anymore unless June agrees to marry him . June eventually accepts and they share a passionate embrace on stage . The two marry and eventually raise their kids together and spend time with their families .
Thakur neutral Vijay <$> After being stereotyped in the girl - next - door image after her Bollywood debut film , Guddi , Banerjee , p. 93Jaya Bhaduri tried to break out of the mould with a glamourous role in the film.Gulzar , p. 457 Madhu falls in love with Ravi Anand , son of an employee in her Thakur brother 's household . When they get married , the Thakur breaks all ties with them , she moves into Ravi 's home , where they live with his younger brother , Vijay . Subsequently , Vijay meets a girl , Neeta , at school , with the usual problems with parents . She turns out to be the Thakur 's daughter , who has been promised in marriage to Benny Sinha . Satyen Kappu gives a comical performance as the DJ friend of Randhir Kapoor in two scene - stealing pieces : first , when he impersonates Randhir Kapoor 's father to meet the boy 's teacher , and later when he meets Jaya 's father .
her neutral Abraham ; her negative Ganesh ; Ganesh negative Abraham ; Suryakanth negative her ; her neutral Ramakanth ; her negative her ; Ramakanth negative her ; Silk neutral Abraham <$> Reshma is running away from her house to Chennai , a day before her marriage . She is insulted by the casting director for being unattractive and useless after trying to get a role in a film . Determined to convince him she spontaneously grabs the role of a side dancer . However , she dances with whips and using erotic movements annoying the film 's director , Abraham . He edits out Reshma 's entire dance sequence from the film . The film fails at the box office much to the dismay of the producer Selva Ganesh , who later offers Reshma a song in his upcoming film , and suggests that she now be referred to as " Silk " . At the first shoot " Silk " is dances with Suryakanth , her childhood idol . Silk seduces him by offering a long - term sexual relationship . Meanwhile , Abraham proposes a new film to Selva Ganesh and is keen to cast Suryakanth , suggests he add spice and sex to make the film more commercially viable , which angers Abraham . Silk goes on to do many more erotic and sensual films with Suryakanth . She gains many male fans and within a short span of time , becomes immensely rich and popular as the Southern sex star . Suryakanth 's younger brother Ramakanth is an admirer of Silk and tries to befriend her . Silk is happy that someone finally likes her for who she is and not just for her body . At an awards ceremony Silk is praised for her performance , but is also insulted by Suryakanth who tells her that she is nothing but everyone 's " dirty secret " . Silk announces that she will continue to make her " dirty pictures " , and that she has no qualms in doing so . She spends more time with Ramakanth and sensing their affair as a sensational news , noted journalist Naila criticises Silk for dating both brothers . Suryakanth drops Silk from his forthcoming films , forcing her to work with small - time film makers . She loses interest in her work and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress , Shakeela . After a dance challenge she intentionally trips Shakeela , much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth who breaks up with her . Silk turns to alcohol and chain smoking , and gains weight . Directors lose interest in casting her and she subsequently loses all her wealth and fame . Silk has accumulated so much debt that she approaches a small - time film maker . She is shocked to find that he wants her to do a porn film , but he intoxicates her with a drink and starts filming . The place is soon raided by the police but Silk , manages to escape in time . Despite this Abraham begins to fall for Silk , even though he at first denies it . He manages to trace Silk 's mother and wants to surprise Silk the next morning . That night when he calls Silk , she asks him to bid goodbye to everyone on her behalf as she is going to sleep . Abraham rushes to her house , finding her lying in bed dead from a sleeping pill overdose .
Neha negative Nikhil ; A.R. neutral Sarah ; Nikhil positive Sarah ; Shagun positive Nikhil <$> Dil Maange More is the story of Nikhil Mathur ’s quest for true love . His passions are his village Samarpur and soccer . He is desperate to fall in love with one woman but ends up with three women in his arms ready to swear undying love for him . He is first shown in love with Neha , his girlfriend of four years . Neha , an ambitious girl , leaves their village to go to Mumbai to become a flight attendant . Nikhil follows her to bring her back . In Mumbai , Nikhil bumps into Shagun . Though the two part ways , fate has something else in store for them , as he starts living above Shagun 's house . The next day , Nikhil tries to convince Neha to return ; he does not succeed . As luck would have it , he lands a job in a music store , which is run by A.R. Rehman , exactly opposite the institute where Neha is training . There , he meets coworker Sarah . Nikhil keeps trying to convince Neha but only gets rejection . He eventually ends up falling in love with Sarah as well . However , Sarah 's ex-boyfriend comes and takes her away , which disheartens Nikhil . When he is invited to Shagun 's home , he reads her computer diary and learns that she is actually in love with him . He proposes to Shagun and she accepts , but things turn as Neha returns , wanting him back . When Shagun sees Neha hugging Nikhil , she leaves , and Nikhil breaks up with Neha . A.R. Rehman then fixes Shagun up with Nikhil but Sarah also comes , saying she left her boyfriend for him . She hugs him and again , Shagun sees them and goes berserk . One day , A.R. Rehman arranges a party at a yacht ; all the girls attend . They argue , and all three fall in the water . Nikhil quickly goes to help but only saves Shagun . Meanwhile , Nikhil , thinking that he has lost Shagun forever , returns to Samarpur . Shagun finally realizes that Nikhil really loves her and follows him to Samarpur , where the two decide to live there happily ever after . As Shagun is confessing her love , we see Neha , Sarah , and A.R. Rehman saying that their plan was successful , implying that everything was just an act to get Nikhil and Shagun together .
Mahla neutral Kincaid <$> After capturing an important Rif prisoner in an undercover operation , Sergeant Mike Kincaid is imprisoned himself after striking a Lieutenant who beats a French woman with his riding crop after she prefers Kincaid 's company to his . Due to a long standing rivalry between Kincaid and the Lieutenant who is in command of the company holding the city of Tarfa whilst the Regiment is away , the Lieuteant uses Kincaid 's action of striking him to get his revenge . Kincaid finds himself imprisoned alongside seven military prisoners and the captured Rif who has refused to talk with the Lieutenant refusing food and water to both Kincaid and the Rif . When his two comrades in arms who accompanied him on the mission , Corporals Luis Delgado and Pierre Molier sneak food and water to Kincaid , he shares it with the Rif . To repay Kincaid 's kindness and assuage his own guilt for telling the Lieutenant about Kincaid 's assignation with the Frenchwoman , he tells of an impending attack on Tarfa whilst the garrison is still small . Kincaid tells the Lieutenant that their only chance is to release him to let him lead attacks to delay the enemy for five days until the Regiment returns . The Lieutenant agrees but only if Kincaid will testify that the idea is his and the only men available for the mission are the seven prisoners . Kincaid agrees with him and the seven receiving full pardons for their crimes . The number increases to ten when his two Corporals join him . When scouting an enemy camp , the Legionnaires discover two rival tribes have joined forces making them large enough to seize the city . Using his expertise in disguise and language , Kincaid finds out that the Rif leader , Khalid Hussein , is marrying Mahla in order to cement an alliance with the other tribe . Kincaid kidnaps her using the pursuit of his unit to gain the five days . Mahla begins to fall in love with her handsome captor , as Hussein pursues the Legionnaires across the desert . In the midst of the dangers , the patrol find a destroyed Legion truck containing a safe that one of the men opens revealing a large Legion payroll of cash .
Charlie positive Sal ; Louis positive Charlie ; Frankie negative Smith ; Smith negative Louis ; Jessie negative Louis ; Frankie neutral Sal ; Jessie positive Charlie ; Jessie positive Smith <$> { { plot } } In the summer of 1982 , a boy named Charlie Carbone is about to become the stepson of a mobster named Salvatore Maggio . On that same day , he meets his new best friend , Louis Booker , who saves him from drowning . The mobster 's apprentice , a recently released ex-con named Frankie Lombardo ( [ [ Michael Shannon , had tried to drown Charlie intentionally by throwing a football deep into the surf , which would make it look like he was n't responsible . Twenty years later , in 2002 , Charlie has his own beauty salon . Yet , Sal 's goons arrive every week and take at least 80 % of the profits , barely letting Charlie keep enough money for future improvements . Louis is still Charlie 's best friend . After they botch the job of hiding some stolen goods , Sal gives Charlie and Louis one more chance . Under the instructions of Frankie , they have to deliver a package on the next flight to Sydney , then to Coober Pedy to meet a man named Mr. Smith . Frankie also tells them that if they should run into any trouble , they should call Mr. Smith at the cell phone number , that he gives them . Unbeknown to Charlie and Louis , Sal tells his Capo that he is " cancelling their return trip " . On the plane , Louis peeks into the package , only to find $ 50,000 . Whilst driving through the Australian Outback , Charlie and Louis inadvertently run over a red kangaroo , and seemingly killing it . Louis feels interested and puts his " lucky jacket " on the kangaroo with Charlie 's sunglasses ; they think that the kangaroo looks like Jackie Leggs , one of Sal 's goons . When they are taking the picture , the kangaroo then comes back to consciousness and hops away , with just one problem : The $ 50,000 was in the jacket . Charlie and Louis hop into the jeep and chase the kangaroo attempting to grab the money from the jacket on the kangaroo , but the ensuing chase ends with the duo driving through a field of termite mounds and crashing into a pile of rocks . When they reach a nearby bar called the Old Alice Inn in Alice Springs Louis calls Mr. Smith and tells him about the situation . Mr. Smith maliciously tells Louis that they had better have his money when he comes after them or he 'll kill them and feed them to saltwater crocodiles . Louis gets advice from a local animal sanctuary and is told by Jessie that the best way to catch the kangaroo is to shoot it with a tranquillizer dart fired from the air . They enlist the help of an alcoholic bushplane pilot named Blue ( [ [ Bill Hunter . Unfortunately , an unexpected jolt causes Louis to shoot Blue with the dart rather than the kangaroo , and the plane crashes . When Blue radios for help , his air traffic controller , Tansy , has been taken hostage by Mr. Smith 's minions and , upon hearing the location of the aircraft , they destroy the radio , gag Tansy and head off in that direction . Back in New York City , Sal gets a call from Mr. Smith , saying that Charlie and Louis have n't arrived yet . Thus , Sal sends Frankie and his minions to Australia to look into this . When Frankie and his minions arrive in Sydney , they 're met by a man called Mr Jimmy who drives them into the desert . Meanwhile , Charlie and Louis attempt to reclaim the money , but end up stranded in the desert . They are met with many adversities including a pack of wild dingoes , a sand storm , and then Charlie starts to hallucinate because of the heat . He first sees their jeep and starts to relax in it , but then realizes it is a mirage . They finally get rescued by Jessie , who Charlie thinks is another mirage , so he foolishly grabs her breasts . Jessie knocks him out , and he has a delusion about the kangaroo , who starts rapping in front of him . After he awakens , he asks Jessie to help them find the missing animal . She declines at first , but when Charlie offers to pay her , she graciously accepts . The next morning , they set out on camels to find the kangaroo . Quite unexpectedly , they get attacked by Mr. Smith and his henchmen . Jessie learns the truth about the money and offers to lead Smith to the kangaroo . Smith accepts the offer and Charlie and Louis are led off by Smith 's henchmen . However , the two friends manage to outsmart their captors , and return to rescue Jessie . Charlie has a brief confrontation with Smith before Frankie arrives . Though a welcome sight at first , Frankie turns his gun on Charlie and Louis , stating that " Sal is n't happy " and that Charlie has " screwed up final straw big " . However , luck intervenes when a fight between Frankie and Mr. Smith escalates into a full on brawl between the two men 's henchmen and themselves . Jessie , Louis , and Charlie escape in the chaos , but Frankie and his men give pursuit . During the chase , Louis manages to get the package back from the kangaroo , but goes off a cliff in the process . Charlie manages to save Louis from falling to his death , and at first they rejoice at having gotten the money back . Frankie arrives and Charlie attempts to return the money , but Frankie reveals that Sal really sent Charlie and Lewis to Australia to pay for their own execution at the hands of Mr. Smith . All of a sudden , Mr. Jimmy and the police arrive and arrest Frankie , Mr. Smith , and their respective minions and Charlie reclaims Louis ' lucky jacket from the kangaroo telling Louis that if he had not put the jacket on the kangaroo , they would ' ve delivered the money to Smith , and he would 've killed them both , Charlie also claims that the jacket is truly lucky . One year later , Charlie and Jessie are married and sell their new shampoo and they put a picture of Jack on the bottle , Frankie and his men are imprisoned for life which Sal Maggio has also failed at avoiding , and Louis is currently Charlie 's advertising partner . As for the kangaroo , he is still hopping around the outback .
Seward positive Lucy ; Dracula neutral Lucy ; Van negative Seward ; Mina positive Lucy ; Dracula neutral Harker ; Seward positive Mina <$> The drama begins in an asylum in Whitby , England . A mysterious patient escapes from his cell and intrudes upon a small party hosted by Dr. Seward , referring to the guest of honor — Count Dracula — as " Master . " Moments later he insists he does not know the Count and is led back to his cell . In conversation , it emerges the Count is sensitive to sunlight , has only recently arrived from abroad , and that Seward 's fiancee Lucy finds him fascinating . Dr. Van Helsing comes to consult on the case , and manages to hypnotize the patient , so he recounts in flashback events in Transylvania , including an attack by Dracula 's brides . Lucy , meanwhile , greets her old friend Mina Harker , who is distraught over the disappearance of her husband , Jonathan . She is puzzled when Dracula insists that Harker left unharmed months ago . Later , the mysterious patient catches sight of Mina and calls her by name . He is the missing Jonathan Harker . Dracula visits Lucy at night , feeding on her blood and forcing the two doctors to perform a blood transfusion . Van Helsing recognizes the signs of a vampire attack , but at first refrains from explaining this to Seward . When he does , the English scientist balks , but later comes to suspect Count Dracula of being the vampire . Lucy dies after another attack . Mina sees Lucy , who insists she is happy and ecstatic , offering her the same " joy " as she bites her friend . Lucy vanishes and Dracula appears , offering Mina a chance to be one of the " elect . " Meanwhile , Van Helsing proves to Seward that Lucy has risen from the grave and drives a wooden stake through her heart . Now they focus on finding the vampire 's sleeping place . Realizing Harker is under Dracula 's power and that Mina has been bitten , they use the two as bait . Following Harker as he leads his wife to Dracula , the two doctors consecrate the grave Dracula has been using then hold him in place with a cross while the sun rises . Dracula dissolves , leaving behind ashes and his ring . But as the story ends , Mina is staring at Seward 's throat and clutches the vampire 's ring in her hand .
Paula negative Lee <$> An embezzler , Bill Marsh , works with his daughter Paula , who serves as a bait , robbing wealthy people . Bill also seeks revenge on a businessman , John Travers , but Paula falls in love with Travers ' son Lee and begins to have doubts about her life of crime . Eventually Paula reforms and marries Lee .
Clouseau positive Dreyfus ; Avellaneda neutral Ponton ; Vicenzo positive Nicole ; Clouseau negative Nicole ; Sonia negative Dreyfus ; Sonia negative Nicole ; Clouseau negative Sonia ; Sonia negative Ponton ; Nicole positive Dreyfus <$> { { plot } } When a master thief , the Tornado , begins stealing expensive artifacts the Government of France assembles a Dream Team of International Detectives to solve the case . Inspector Clouseau is reassigned from his task as a parking officer by Chief Inspector Dreyfus to join the Dream Team in Japan , site of the Tornado 's recent heist . While meeting with Clouseau , Dreyfus ends up being the victim to one of Clouseau 's blunders ; Clouseau discovered the wires Dreyfus set up in his office and set them off , bringing elite unit operatives . Oddly , Clouseau had the password to call them off on his medal : " Damburgert " . At the airport , as soon as he is officially leaving France , news breaks that the Pink Panther Diamond has also been stolen . Clouseau travels back to the scene of the crime , where the other members of the Dream Team , Inspector Pepperidge , Vicenzo , Kenji , and Sonia , are gathering . They go to Rome to investigate a black market fence , Alonso Avellaneda , who deals with The Tornado . Assuming he is The Tornado , the Dream Team question him while Clouseau snoops around . Avellaneda successfully vindicates himself by demonstrating that he lacks a bullet - wound to the right shoulder – the Tornado was shot in that shoulder during a theft over a decade ago . After they leave , Avellaneda meets with the Tornado himself . The Tornado reveals that one of the people on the Dream Team works with him . Later on that night , Clouseau and his partner , Ponton , spy on Avellaneda , using a bug they planted at the table they were sitting , as he takes a date out for dinner . Unfortunately , the mission is compromised when they find Vicenzo and Clouseau 's love interest , Nicole , together at the restaurant . Having been banned for burning down the restaurant three months earlier , Clouseau disguises himself as a dancer and attempts to switch the bug to Nicole 's table . In the process , he ends up burning down the restaurant again , thanks to knocking down a flambe a waiter is holding . At the same time , The Tornado steals the Pope 's ring , an act which begins to turn public opinion against the Dream Team . When Clouseau 's attempt to recreate the night the ring was stolen ends badly , he is voted off the team , with only Sonia sympathizing with him . Shortly afterward , Clouseau is called to an office where they see the Tornado has killed himself , and left a suicide note claiming he destroyed the Pink Panther – regarding it as being so beautiful that he could not bring anyone other than himself to own it – and left the other treasures to be recovered . Examining a key they found in the Pope 's Chambers , they successfully match the DNA of the victim with DNA of the Tornado acquired when he was shot , and thus believe themselves to have solved the case . However , Clouseau is unconvinced and believes the Tornado was not the thief . For their victory in recovering the stolen items , a celebration is thrown in the Dream Team 's honor . Clouseau , after seeing something on Sonia 's car 's licence plate , tries to convince Dreyfus that the real thief is still at large , but is ignored . Dreyfus relays to the group that Clouseau told him Sonia was the thief , and the group , treating the idea as a joke , works out a plausible explanation for how she could have done it ; as the Tornado 's ex-lover , she would have in - depth knowledge of his methods , and has set up a plan . She would make the Tornado steal all the other artifacts so all attention would be drawn to him . Then , Sonia could set him up , make him come out of hiding , kill him , forge a suicide note , and keep the Pink Panther , which was the only fencible artifact as it was the only treasure that could be broken down and sold off as smaller items rather than in its most famous form . Nicole suddenly realizes that Clouseau 's story may actually be feasible , prompting Nicole to ask Sonia to conclude the joke by showing the contents of her purse , Clouseau claiming that the Pink Panther is in her purse . Disgusted by this indirect accusation , Sonia attempts to leave the party . As Sonia tries to leave , Nicole again asks her to take everything out of her purse . Sonia pulls out a gun , and after initially threatening to shoot Nicole , she shoots Clouseau , but the bullet hits the medal of honor he had received , ironically killing a waiter due to a ricochet . She then runs upstairs , with Clouseau and the rest of the Dream Team chasing her around the building , all but Clouseau making fools of themselves through various accidents caused by Clouseau 's clumsiness . Finally cornered , Sonia threatens to destroy the Pink Panther , and Clouseau successfully goads her to do so . Sonia is subsequently knocked out by Ponton when she tries to flee during the distraction caused by the Pink Panther 's destruction . Clouseau reveals that she had destroyed a fake gem he had switched with the real one before his departure from France , and that the Tornado , a master thief and a recognized authority on valuable gems , would have recognized this ; therefore , his suicide note — where he praised the beauty of the gem in his possession — was forged and he was actually murdered . He reveals that he had given Sonia 's car a ticket one day before the Pink Panther was stolen , contradicting her alibi of having been delayed to the crime scene because of her flight . Following the arrest of Sonia , Dreyfus tries to claim credit for having appointed Clouseau to his parking job , but Clouseau , remembering Dreyfus told him to deny this to anyone who asked , rebukes the claim . Clouseau later marries Nicole , though the wedding is short - lived after Dreyfus fires the cork out of the Champagne bottle onto a security device , causing elite unit operatives to storm the party in a manner similar to an earlier event in the film ; the batteries in Clouseau 's medal were dead , so he could n't give the password . Clouseau and Nicole ditch the wedding and head for the airport for their honeymoon with the animated Pink Panther watching them leave . The film ends with the Pink Panther looking into the camera and winking ( like in [ [ The Pink Panther as he walks into the chaotic wedding and closes the door .
Jamal negative Silas ; Ivory positive Silas ; Jamal positive Harvard ; Jeffrey positive Silas <$> The plot is centered around two underachieving pot smokers : Silas and Jamal ( [ [ Redman . When Silas 's friend Ivory dies , Silas uses his ashes as fertilizer for a new batch of marijuana . While both are sitting in the parking lot before taking their " THC " exams for college , neither is able to smoke his individual marijuana stash without the help of the other . They soon discover that smoking Silas 's new batch summons the ghost of the recently deceased Ivory , visible to just the two of them . Ivory tells them the test answers as they take the test and they both score perfect scores . Several dubious colleges offer the pair scholarships , but none of them are appealing . Eventually , Chancellor Huntley suggests the two apply to Harvard University . Once there , they meet Bart , captain of the rowing team , his girlfriend Lauren , I Need Money , and their roommates Jeffrey & Tuan . Once they are settled in , they visit Dean Carl Cain who tells them that per the terms of their scholarship , they must maintain a minimum grade point average of 2.0 in order to remain at Harvard , or else face expulsion . Jamal joins the rowing team hoping to outrank Bart , and Silas enrolls in the Botany class to develop his " herbal " skills . They both enroll in black history together , although there are two other classes in which they have enrolled alone . Throughout the first half of the school year , they pass every test with the help of Ivory . Silas continues to woo and study with Lauren , while Jamal dates the U.S. vice president 's daughter Jamie . Also during the first half of the semester , they pull pranks and steal , which angers Bart , Jeffrey , and Dean Cain . However , things go downhill after Silas and Jamal 's raucous Halloween party . At the party , Gerald , the volunteer officer whose bicycle was stolen and crushed by I Need Money , steals and smokes the Ivory plant , leaving the pair without access to Ivory . Silas begins working on a truth serum for his Botany class , using plant extracts . Silas concludes that , if his experiment works , he will earn an A in Botany , and a guarantee of a next semester . However , his experiment fails numerous times . Before midterm examinations , Jamal suggests they go to a graveyard , dig up a " smart dead guy " , and smoke his remains ; Silas suggests simply that they study hard for a few hours a day while high . They try Silas 's plan , but it does not pan out , as they end up failing almost all of their midterm exams . Desperate to stay in Harvard , they try Jamal 's plan , but it proves fruitless , as well . Meanwhile , Gerald , who has morphed into a complete stoner , sees Ivory during one of his binges , and , at Ivory 's behest , returns the remnants of the Ivory plant to Jamal and Silas . However , because very little remains due to Gerald 's abuse of the plant , Jamal and Silas continue to fail their classes . With the last final exam approaching , Jamal and Silas resign themselves to give up . However , Jeffrey reminds Silas of his guarantee of another semester if he can successfully fix his truth serum experiment . Silas ultimately does , having found a solution in which the last of Ivory 's leaves could be used to counteract nausea . Nonetheless , because of their low grades , Jamal and Silas do not receive an invitation to the Harvard Alumni party . Dean Cain , clearly thrilled with this result , tells Bart he does not have to worry about the pair showing up or staying in Harvard . However , that changes when Jamie invites them both as her dates , as her father is an alumnus . At the party , Silas makes things a bit more interesting by testing out his truth serum experiment , which proves successful . At Lauren 's presentation at the alumni party of Benjamin Franklin 's artifacts , she shocks everyone with her discovery : the artifacts turn out to be a bong . Dean Cain is outraged by this finding , but the Chancellor decides that he has had it with the Dean and fires him . Jamal and Silas are proud that the serum worked , a celebration that was almost short - lived , as Dean Cain returns and unsuccessfully attempts to kill them both . He is eventually apprehended by Secret Service . At the end , Jamal and Silas are able to stay , Jamal and Jamie get approval of Jamie 's father to date , and Lauren leaves Bart for Silas because Bart could never satisfy her sexually .
Louise positive Bill ; Mayer neutral Bill <$> The film begins in the cockpit of a U.S. passenger airliner , shortly before they are struck from above by another airliner on a landing approach . The pilot handles the airplane as well as he can while the flight engineer goes back to check on the passenger cabin . He comes back in the cockpit screaming , “ They 're dead ! All of them ! They ’re burned up ! ” Bill Smith is a National Transportation Safety Board investigator hired to determine whether human error is the cause of a collision of two aircraft , both of which crashed . He and his team of investigators are confused by the words on the cockpit voice recorder because there had been no fire on board before the plane hit the ground . At the same time , a theoretical physicist named Dr. Arnold Mayer has a professional curiosity about the crash , which borders on science fiction . While giving a lecture , he talks about time travel and the possibility of visitors from the future . Time travelers are , in fact , visiting the present day and stealing passengers from doomed aircraft . Every incursion into the past causes an accompanying " timequake " whose magnitude is proportional to the effects of the incursion into the past . Each " timequake " causes physical damage in the time from which the incursion has been made . This is why they are abducting people who will not be able to affect the future any further and replacing them with copies of those who would have died . Thus , the co-pilot 's strange comment came because all the passengers had been replaced with pre-burned duplicates in preparation for the upcoming crash . While on one of the missions , an operative is shot and loses a stun weapon on board a plane before it crashes . This weapon winds up in the possession of Dr. Arnold Mayer , setting him on the path to working out what 's happening . Twenty - five years later , Smith finds a similar artifact in the crash portrayed at the beginning of the film . Worried that these two individuals of the 20th century might change history by their discoveries , Louise Baltimore travels back to 1989 in order to distract Bill Smith and discourage him from pursuing his investigation further . Louise manages to gain Bill 's trust , as well as seduce him into a one - night stand , which she hopes will complete the distraction . However , because of still more errors on the part of the time travel team , as well as paradoxical events , Bill becomes even more suspicious . He soon pays a visit to Dr. Mayer . At that point , Louise materializes from the future and reveals her mission to both of them . In a mishap with the stun weapon , Mayer kills himself thereby causing a major change to the timeline . Louise decides to take Bill with her to the future . Between Louise 's recent visit and exposition in the future , we find that because of pollution , the human population of the future is no longer able to reproduce , except for Louise who 's pregnant with Bill 's baby , though that fact is n't revealed until the very end of the film . This is why they have been abducting people from the past and keeping them in stasis until a future time when they will be sent into the far future . It is hoped that in this far future , the Earth will have recovered enough that humans can repopulate the planet . The recent incursion results in a force infinity timequake which will destroy the entire civilization of the " present " future and the Gate itself . It is decided that it is time to send all of the people who have been collected to the distant future before the Gate is destroyed . Bill and Louise step through and disappear into the Gate , which takes them to another time and another place , in order to save their lives , and to fulfill a destiny to repopulate Earth . A simple , but poignant , message is recited by Sherman the Robot , quoting Winston Churchill , in the closing seconds of the film . As the blast wave of the gate being destroyed vaporizes Sherman he states , " This is not the end . This is not the beginning of the end . It is the end of the beginning " as the scene transitions to the sun rising above the clouds .
Sanjana negative Aditya ; he negative Sanjana ; Priya positive Sanjana ; Malini neutral Aditya ; he negative Aditya ; Malini neutral Sanjana <$> The film starts with a group of college students enjoying a picnic in a beautiful forest in Ooty . One of the girls , Nisha in that group , dies after being attacked under mysterious circumstances outside a bungalow in front of the forest . She had attacked her boyfriend too , who , though injured , managed to live on . She was rushed to the hospital , where just before dying , her facial look and voice changed completely for a short while , thus confusing all the attending doctors . Professor Agni Swaroop , who is supposedly an expert in phenomena involving the unexplained and the supernatural is called by the police to look into the matter and declares that the girl was killed by an evil spirit that has been awakened by her entering the forest . The story then turns to Sanjana Dhanraj and Aditya Dhanraj in Mumbai in a business party , where Aditya seems too busy to pay heed to the fact that his wife is longing to talk to him . She snatches the car keys from Aditya 's pocket and leaves the party to return home . On her frantic drive home , she hears a voice in her head and loses control of the car . However , miraculously , she escapes the accident unscathed . After her recovery , Sanjana asks her husband for a divorce ; Aditya , however , realizes his fault and suggests a vacation to work out their problems . He offers Sanjana a trip to any corner of the world for some days and Sanjana chooses to return to Ooty in order to save their failing marriage . In Ooty they stay in the same bungalow behind which Nisha was attacked . Initially , the couple enjoy their stay at the cottage but soon Sanjana starts experiencing mysterious things , such as hearing a woman screaming in the forest behind the cottage and inexplicable falling objects . She later learns that their housekeeper 's husband , Robert , also used to hear strange voices from the forest , and that he ran from the house in fear once he could bear it no more . She shares her problems with her friend Priya , a local girl , who advises Sanjana to visit professor Swaroop . The professor arrives at the cottage and after a short investigation announces the presence of a spirit in the house . He also tells Sanjana about the earlier incident involving the girl who was attacked and killed by an evil spirit in those very woods . He then re-visits the same spot in the forest where Nisha was attacked . He was accompanied by Priya and Sanjana too . Sanjana goes alone to talk to that spirit , where after some time , she discovers a revolver . All three of them go to an arms store to learn more and are told by the shopkeeper that the revolver was licensed to a retired colonel named Col. Arjun Malik . They visit the colonel 's house , suspecting him to be a murderer of innocent girls , but soon learn from the colonel that the spirit is actually his own daughter , Malini , who was mentally ill and had managed to escape from the mental asylum several times . Using the methodology suggested by the professor , Sanjana summons the spirit , believing that the spirit wants to tell her something . The spirit conveys that Malini had met Aditya when he came to Ooty the previous year for work . When Sanjana confronts Aditya , he admits that he had stayed at the same cottage where Sanjana and Aditya were currently staying . They eventually learn that that Malini and Aditya had an affair and that Aditya rebuked Malini 's demands that he leave his wife , claiming that the affair was never meant to be anything more than physical . An enraged Malini commits suicide in front of Aditya inside of his home . Aditya , with the help of his then manservant Robert , buried the dead girl 's body in the forest behind the cottage . Sanjana storms off in anger leaving Aditya alone . The professor tells Sanjana that all this was an attempt by Malini 's spirit to separate Sanjana and Aditya in order to take him with her into the afterlife . He believes that the spirit 's next step would be to kill Aditya and that they should rush to Aditya before Malini attacks him . Sanjana goes to Aditya and tells him that she is doing this just to save him and that they should leave for Mumbai in their car immediately . After they leave , Sanjana , Priya and the Prof Swaroop arrive at the cottage where the bewildered maid tells them that Aditya just left with her . Prof Swaroop realizes that the earlier Sanjana was Malini 's spirit in disguise and they rush after the car . Malini 's spirit meanwhile causes the car in which Aditya is travelling to fall off a cliff . Aditya goes into a coma and is hospitalised . To prevent the spirit from succeeding in her plans , Sanjana , Priya and the professor go into the forest to locate the girl 's body to burn it . The professor is killed by the spirit and then possessed by her and attacks Sanjana during this episode , where Sanjana also discovers the dead body of the husband of the maid who first told Sanjana about the strange voices . At the last moment , Sanjana manages to burn the body , thereby liberating the girl 's spirit and saving Aditya 's life . The film ends with Aditya and Sanjana reuniting .
Lila neutral Jim ; Lila positive Ted ; Ted positive Danny ; Linda positive Jim ; Ted positive Jim ; Ted positive Linda ; Mamie negative Jim <$> Jim Hardy , Ted Hanover , and Lila Dixon have a musical act popular in the New York City nightlife scene . On Christmas Eve , Jim prepares to give his last performance as part of the act before marrying Lila and retiring with her to a farm in Connecticut . At the last minute , Lila decides she is not ready to stop performing , and that she has fallen in love with Ted . She tells Jim that she will stay on as Ted 's dancing partner . While heartbroken , Jim follows through with his plan and bids the act goodbye . One year later on Christmas Eve , Jim is back in New York City . Farm life has proven difficult and he plans to turn his farm into an entertainment venue called " Holiday Inn " , which will only be open on holidays . Ted and his agent Danny Reed scoff at the plan , but wish him luck . Later at the airport flower shop , while ordering flowers for Lila from Ted , Danny is accosted by employee Linda Mason who recognizes him as a talent agent and begs him for a start in show business . Danny refers her to Holiday Inn and gives her a pass to Ted 's club . That night , Linda sits at the performer 's table with Jim , who pretends he owns a big club and is n't sure he could use an act like Hanover and Dixon . Linda pretends she 's a celebrity and friend of Ted 's , then escapes when the two performers come to Jim 's table . The next morning , Christmas Day , Linda arrives at Holiday Inn , where she meets Jim — both realizing they were fooling each other the previous evening . Jim is preparing the place for New Year 's Eve , and they take to one another immediately . Jim sings her his new song , " White Christmas " , a song he would have performed had the inn been open that night . Later that week , on New Year 's Eve , Holiday Inn opens to a packed house . Meanwhile in New York City , Ted learns that Lila is leaving him for a Texas millionaire . Drinking heavily , he drives up to Holiday Inn to talk with Jim , arriving at midnight . While wandering aimlessly across the dance floor , Ted sees Linda , who remembers him from Christmas Eve . They dance , with Ted bringing down the house despite his inebriated state . Danny arrives just as the dance ends and is ecstatic that Ted found a new partner . The next morning , however , Ted remembers very little and does n't remember Linda at all . Jim does n't say anything and hides Linda away , afraid that Ted will steal her away from the inn . At the next performance , Lincoln 's Birthday , Ted and Danny return to Holiday Inn in search of Linda . Jim is ready for them and decides to run the night 's big minstrel show number " Abraham " with disguised performers , including Linda , in an effort to foil the search . While applying Linda 's blackface makeup , Jim asks if she will stay with him between holidays , and Linda takes this as a proposal . Having come up empty , Ted and Danny will not give up and plan to be back for the next holiday . During rehearsals for the Valentine 's Day performance , Jim presents Linda with a unique Valentine , a new song called " Be Careful , It 's My Heart " . While singing the song with his back to her , Linda begins dancing alone , and as Ted enters , he spots Linda and launches into an impromptu romantic dance with her . Convinced that Linda is the girl he danced with on New Year 's Eve , Ted demands that Jim provide a number for them to perform on the next holiday , and Jim reluctantly agrees . On Washington 's Birthday , Ted and Linda perform in elaborate eighteenth century period costumes while Jim attempts to sabotage their dance , changing the tempo from a minuet to jazz every time the couple attempts to kiss . Afterward , Ted asks Linda to join him as his new dance partner . Linda refuses , saying she has promised to stay at the inn and that she and Jim are to be married . When Ted asks him about the marriage , Jim plays it off , but Ted is unconvinced , telling Danny he will continue to pursue Linda . At Easter , romance continues to blossom between Jim and Linda as they travel home from church in a carriage . When they reach the inn , Ted is sitting on the porch waiting from them . Ted asks Jim if he can remain in his shows , claiming he wants to experience " the true happiness " they 've found at the inn . While Linda is charmed , Jim is suspicious . Jim 's suspicions are confirmed on Independence Day when he overhears Ted and Danny discussing an offer Ted received from Hollywood representatives , who will attend that night 's show and determine if Ted and Linda are suitable for motion pictures . Desperate , Jim bribes hired hand Gus to ensure that Linda does not arrive at the inn . After Gus drives the inn 's car into a creek attempting to delay her , Linda tries to return to the inn and is picked up by Lila , who left the Texas millionaire after his tax problems were revealed . Lila tells Linda , who is pretending to be a waitress , about the studio tryout and that Lila will be Ted 's partner . Assuming that Jim arranged for her to take Linda 's place , Linda directs Lila into the same river . Back at the inn , Ted is forced to perform a solo dance . When Linda eventually makes her way to the inn , she finds that Ted has impressed the studio honchos with his improvised solo and the opportunity stands . Irritated with Jim for not trusting her to make her own decision , Linda takes the offer and leaves for Hollywood . The producers want to make a film about Holiday Inn , and Jim reluctantly agrees . At Thanksgiving , the inn is closed and Jim is deeply depressed , barely touching the turkey dinner prepared by his housekeeper Mamie . Jim is prepared to mail to Hollywood a recording of his new Thanksgiving song , but , before he does , he plays it on a record player and makes negative comments over the positive ones in the recording . Realizing what is wrong and ignoring decorum , Mamie implores him to travel to California to win Linda back by telling her how he really feels . Jim arrives at the studio on Christmas Eve , just as Ted is preparing to leave with Linda to get married . Jim confronts Ted in his dressing room , then locks him in it . Before Linda films the final scene for her movie , which features a recreation of Holiday Inn , Jim walks around the set with the director , who boasts it is the most exact recreation ever created for a motion picture . Jim leaves his pipe on the set 's piano and hides nearby . Linda enters the room and sits at the piano , performing " White Christmas " . Startled by the pipe 's presence , she falters , then continues as Jim 's voice joins her . Jim appears and Linda runs to him as the director yells " cut " . Meanwhile , Ted and Danny learn of Jim 's plan , but they are too late to stop him . At Holiday Inn on New Year 's Eve , Ted is reunited with Lila , who is ready and willing to perform with him again . Jim and Linda prepare to stay together and run the inn .
Elena positive Valentin ; Elena positive Jen ; Connor positive Dylan ; Robert negative Connor ; Richard neutral Dylan ; Richard negative Valentin ; Robert neutral Jennifer ; Robert positive Dylan <$> The MS Poseidon , a luxury cruise ship , is on a year - end transatlantic crossing to New York . Jennifer is with her fiancé , Christian , and they consider how to tell Jennifer 's father , former New York City Mayor Robert Ramsey , about their engagement . In the galley , stowaway Elena searches for her friend , a waiter named Valentin ( [ [ Freddy Rodriguez . Architect Richard Nelson is making a phone call to his estranged lover . In the grand ballroom , Captain Michael Bradford delivers a New Year 's Eve speech before introducing the singer , Gloria ( [ [ Fergie . Dylan , a professional gambler , and Robert play Texas Hold ’em with Lucky Larry . Jen , Christian and Elena are partying in the nightclub . Richard is with his friends , talking about his heartbreak . As Dylan walks with his winnings , he bumps into Connor . Maggie , Connor 's mother , arrives and chats with Dylan . On the bridge , officers see a 150 - foot rogue wave coming towards them , while everyone celebrates the New Year countdown . On the promenade deck , Richard who is contemplating suicide , sees the wave and retreats inside . Though the crew on the bridge sounds warning alarms and turns hard to starboard to meet the wave head - on , the Poseidon turns too slowly . It is hit broad - side and capsizes . Passengers are swept overboard , fall to their deaths in overturned high - ceilinged areas or are crushed to death by falling debris . In the galley , crew are incinerated by flash fires caused by rupturing gas lines . In the ballroom , Robert , Dylan , Richard and Maggie wake up , realizing that the ship is now upside down . Robert sees Connor on the piano , which is now on the ceiling . Robert and some officers rescue Connor . In the nightclub , Jennifer looks for Christian , who has been pinned by a fallen light . They and Elena are the only ones to avoid being killed by the combined dangers of the sprinklers activating and numerous broken wires and lights electrifying the water . Captain Bradford reassures the passengers by telling them that a set of GPS beacons were launched during the collision and that help is on its way , therefore they should stay put . Some passengers hesitate . Dylan disagrees and concludes that the bow thrusters of the ship are the key to survival . He is joined by Robert , Richard , Connor , Maggie and Valentin . The group makes their way through the kitchens to a service elevator . Using a table to bridge the space across the shaft , the group pries open an opposing set of elevator doors . Everyone survives until the table drops as Richard is being pulled up by Dylan . The service elevator , severely damaged by the collision , begins to plummet towards them , and Richard is forced to shake the crewman off . Valentin falls down the elevator shaft and is killed immediately by the fall , and the elevator crashes down moments after Richard is pulled through the doors . The group manages to force the elevator doors shut just before a gas explosion set off by the falling elevator reaches them . Meanwhile , in the nightclub , Elena and Jen rescue Christian , with help from Lucky Larry . Robert and Jennifer reunite with the other survivors . The group reaches the lobby and uses a damaged elevator as a bridge . As Lucky Larry takes his turn to cross , an engine smashes its way through the lobby floor above and kills him . Large amounts of leaking fuel follow through the opening in the floor and is ignited . Dylan finds a fire hose and jumps into the flaming water , making a zip line that the others use to cross . In the ballroom , the windows at last give way , the room floods and the passengers , Captain and crew inside are drowned . As the surviving group tries to escape from the rising water , they go into an air vent which leads to the ballast tanks . Elena struggles to continue moving through the air vent due to her claustrophobia . Robert tries to smash the cover of the vent , but fails , and calls Connor to assist him in the hopes that Connor 's smaller fingers will be able to undo the vent screws . Elena successfully gets inside the vent and offers her necklace to be used as a screwdriver . The cover opens and the group climbs into the ship 's ballast tank , where they locate a hatch . Robert and Dylan realize that only great pressure can open the hatch , and they flood the chamber . The hatch opens , and they swim through to the next chamber . Elena 's dress becomes caught as she swims through , and she hits her head on a sharp beam . Richard turns back to rescue her , followed by Robert , Dylan and Christian , and takes an unconscious Elena back where Robert tries to revive her , but she dies from her injury without regaining consciousness . The group finds themselves in the galley and see the bow section is flooded , telling them the obvious : the Poseidon is sinking by the bow , and fast . While finding a new exit , an explosion in the engine room causes the bow to rise out of the water , and forces the stern down . All of the water in the bow rushes towards the stern , and the stern of the Poseidon sinks underwater . Robert , Christian , Jennifer and Richard go first , leaving Dylan , Maggie and Connor behind . Maggie and Dylan find Connor trapped . He is eventually saved by Dylan and the three reunite with the group . In the engine room , Richard opens a cover and the bow thrusters , still trying to turn the ship to starboard , begin blasting air into the room . Knowing that the control room for the propellers is now below water , Robert swims to turn them off . He finds the off switch broken , but manages to hit the reverse button instead just before he drowns . The propellers briefly stop , then begin turning the other way , and Dylan finds a nitrogen tank and throws it into the propellers . The ensuing explosion destroys the motors for one of the three bow thrusters . After climbing through the propeller tube , they jump overboard and into an inflatable raft . The survivors start rowing for their lives , as a wave is thrown up as the Poseidon rights herself again , pushing the survivors away from the ship . The Poseidon is too badly damaged to remain afloat anymore , however , and , with her bow pointing high into the night sky , she sinks by the stern in the foaming waters as the handful of survivors looks on . Finding a flare gun in the raft , Dylan fires it , and they wait for rescue . Some time later , a group of helicopters finds the raft and moves in to pick up the survivors . Just before the credits roll , at least three ships are shown to be racing towards where the Poseidon sank .
Dean positive Emma <$> Emma and Dean are two high school students on a class trip to Trinidad . The two have little in common . During a boat party , Emma falls overboard when the party is interrupted by a police raid . Dean jumps in the water to save her . While the pair drifts in a dinghy to a deserted island , their parents desperately search for them . Wondering if they will ever be rescued , Emma and Dean must rely on each other to survive and they eventually create a relationship .
Erfan negative Watts ; Knight neutral Army ; Erfan negative her ; Knight neutral her ; Hensley positive her ; Watts neutral her <$> { { Plot } } A Special Forces unit , known as the Painkiller Unit , is exposed to a biochemical weapon while on a mission in Sovetskaia , Chechnya . After attempting to retreat , the entire unit is ambushed and executed by a group of armed men in protective hazmat suits . One member of the unit , Captain Jane Browning , not only survives the execution , but recovers from the viral infection , and develops an abnormally rapid healing factor , increased dexterity , speed , strength , enhanced senses , mental abilities and a photographic memory . Her eyes enlarge to take in and process information at a hyper - normal rate , and her mind reorganizes what she has seen into analytical logic , such as plotting out a chess game and recognizing patterns in the type of a magazine article . She is taken to a US Army laboratory where scientists are trying to learn what happened so they can create an army of super-soldiers . The lead scientist who is helping to find out why she survived and changed when the others died is Dr. Graham Knight . She is told by Col. Ian Watts , her mentor , that the virus was created by a biochemical terrorist named Peter Erfan who has a genius IQ . As the US Army is transferring her to another base in Alaska , Knight passes her a note saying that they are never going to let her go . Jane escapes in an effort to find Peter Erfan and gain revenge on him for murdering her team . She goes to the university for help from Dr. Knight , but finds that Dr. Knight is not the man who was working with her at the army base . As she confronts the person she knew as Doctor Knight at his hotel , he reveals that he is Captain Lucas Hensley and is with military intelligence . He is undercover and investigating her superior officer , Col. Ian Watts . Hensley tells her that Watts created Erfan and used him as the perfect cover . Since Erfan did n't exist then he could n't be caught . Hensley asks Jane to help catch him . She goes to confront Watts herself , but as she does so , they are both shot by an unknown assassin . As she is trying to contain the bleeding on Watts , some of her blood falls into his wound and mixes with his blood . It is implied that this may have allowed the colonel to recover from being shot . She goes after the shooter and he leads her to Lucas Hensley . Hensley admits that he is in fact Peter Erfan and has a vial of liquid which he has extracted from Jane . As he is talking with her the assassin starts to move in on her and she shoots him . Erfan refers to her as the new Eve , as something in her body altered the virus and then the virus changed her . This is why she survived but the rest of her unit did not . Erfan has been able to recreate this modified virus and already gave it to the assassin . As he is talking with her the assassin that was shot gets up and rips off a power box on the wall and hits Jane in the head with it . The next scene Erfan has her handcuffed in a helicopter and is taking her away . She breaks out of the handcuffs and starts fighting with Erfan . Shots are fired into the console of the helicopter and the assassin , who is piloting , loses control of the helicopter . This causes Erfan and Jane to fall out of the helicopter and they wrestle with each other while falling toward the water below . The next scene sees Col. Watts in a graveyard where he is standing over her tombstone . He then goes to the docks and gets on a boat . There he meets Jane and gives her a new identity and money . She sails off in the boat . The final scene sees a group of Asian gentlemen walking into a laboratory and meet with Lucas Hensley who apparently survived the fall unharmed . He holds a vial of green fluid , the genetic material for the enhancement virus in solution . The implication is that Erfan took the serum himself , in order to survive the impact with river and he will soon be creating an army of superhumans for the unnamed Asian business partner .
Kishan positive Mahua <$> Adivasi Mahua lives a poor lifestyle in a fishing village along with her widowed dad . One day the local Poojary comes across a seemingly menacing looking male , feeds him , and asks Mahua 's dad to look after him . This male has no memory and they name him Kishan . Shortly thereafter Mahua and Kishan fall in love and get married . After about 2 months Kishan goes to the city and does not return home . A frantic Mahua and her dad go to the Police as well as to the city to search for him albeit in vain and return home . Mahua continues to worry about Kishan and sets out on her own to try to locate him . She meets with a doctor who informs her that he recalls treating a male fitting Kishan 's description and gives her his Bombay address . Mahua travels to Bombay and locates Kishan 's house . This is where she will find out that Kishan now calls himself Mohan Khanna , who is very wealthy , lives in a mansion but who now refuses to recognize her , and is about to get formally engaged to equally wealthy Meena Mehra .
he negative Diana ; Alexa negative Trevor ; Trevor negative Diana ; Artemis neutral Alexa <$> Centuries ago , the Amazons , a proud and fierce race of warrior women , led by Queen Hippolyta , battled Ares , the God of War , and his army . During the battle , Hippolyta beheaded her son , Thrax , whom Ares forcibly conceived with her , and then defeated the God of War himself . Zeus , however , prevented her from killing Ares . Instead , Hera bound his powers with magic bracers so that he was deprived of his ability to draw power from the aura of violence and death he could instigate , and only another god could release him . In compensation , the Amazons were granted the island of Themyscira , where they could be eternally youthful and isolated from Man in the course of their duty of holding Ares prisoner for all eternity . Later , Hippolyta was granted a daughter , Princess Diana , whom she shaped from the sand of the sea shore and gave life with her own blood . Over a millennium later , an American fighter pilot , Steve Trevor , is shot down and crash - lands on the island , where he soon runs afoul of the Amazon population , including the war - like and aggressive Artemis . Steve and Diana meet and fight , and she defeats him , taking him to the Amazons . Hippolyta decides he should be returned home . Diana volunteers , but is assigned to guard Ares 's cell instead since her mother argues that she has not enough experience in dealing with the dangers of the outside world . Diana defies her mother and , her face hidden by a helmet and her guard duty covered by her bookish but kind - hearted Amazon sister Alexa , wins the right to take Trevor back to his home . In the meantime , the Amazon Persephone , who has fallen in love with Ares , releases him , both killing Alexa in the process . With the additional task of capturing Ares , Diana brings Trevor to New York City , where he volunteers to help . An investigation uncovers a pattern of violence created by Ares presence that will lead to him given time , and the pair go out to a bar while they wait . After some heavy drinking , Trevor makes a pass at Diana . They argue outside , but are attacked first by thugs and then the demigod Deimos . Deimos kills himself to prevent being interrogated , but Diana and Steve find a clue on his body that leads them to a secret Greek temple guarded by the worshipers of Ares . Once there , Diana attempts to subdue Ares , but he summons harpies that threaten to kill her , prompting Trevor to save her instead of stopping Ares . Meanwhile , Ares performs a sacrifice to open a gate to the Underworld where he persuades his uncle Hades to remove the bracerss . Later , Diana regains consciousness and is furious that Trevor saved her rather than stop Ares . Trevor argues against her abuse with his own criticism of the Amazons ' self - imposed isolation and their generalizations about men , and reveals how much he cares about her . Ares and his army attack Washington , DC . Trevor and Diana arrive to battle Ares and are soon joined by the Amazons . While Ares manages even to summon the Amazons long dead from the Underworld to fight their own sisters , his scheme is stopped by Alexa , a member of the undead host , who reveals to Artemis a chant which nullifies Ares 's control over them . The undead then turn on Ares but are destroyed by his powers . Hippolyta faces Persephone in combat and kills her . In her dying breath , Persephone makes the queen realize that in shutting the Amazons away from the world of men , she has denied them the chance to have families and children . Meanwhile , the President is influenced by Ares 's power and orders a nuclear missile against Themyscira presumed it is the source . This act of supreme aggression increases Ares 's power , but Trevor takes the invisible jet and shoots down the missile just before it hits the island . Finally , after a brutal beating at Ares 's hands , Diana finally outwits and kills him . Subsequently , Ares is condemned to the underworld to attend Hades as a slave alongside his son . Later on Themyscira , in memory of Alexa , Artemis takes up the hobby of reading . Hippolyta realizes that Diana misses both the outside world and Trevor , and to make her happy again , she charges her daughter to become a diplomat for the Amazons . Diana accepts and returns to the world of men , where she enjoys the company of Trevor and assumes the secret identity of Diana Prince . However , their relationship comes with the understanding of her larger duties , such as when Diana sees Cheetah robbing a museum and she excuses herself to stop the supervillainess as Wonder Woman .
Tony negative Joan ; Deneen positive Ellison ; Tony negative Ellison ; Tony neutral Steve <$> Retired gunslinger and former Confederate soldier Steve Sinclair ( [ [ Robert Taylor is living as a rancher in a small western community . He collaborates with the main landowner Dennis Deneen , from whom he rents the ranch , to preserve communal stability . His quiet life is disrupted by the appearance of his emotionally unstable younger brother Tony and Tony 's beautiful girlfriend Joan . An old rival of Steve 's , gunman Larry Venables , also arrives on the scene looking for Steve . Tony confronts Venables and kills him in a shootout . His success goes to his head and he gets drunk , ignoring Joan . A new problem arises with the arrival of Clay Ellison , a farmer who plans to fence off a strip of land currently grazed by cattle . Tony attempts to drive off Ellison , but Steve intervenes . Ellison appeals to Deneen , who agrees to defend Ellison 's legal rights to the land . However Tony murders Ellison when he attempts to buy provisions in town . Deneen breaks his ties with the Sinclairs . Steve intends to leave the ranch , but Tony tries to take over . Steve drives him off , but Tony confronts Deneen and attempts to kill him . Both are wounded in the gunfight . Deneen 's men recruit Steve to find Tony , who has fled into the hills . When Steve finds him , Tony shoots himself . Steve tells the wounded Deneen , who persuades him to stay on at the ranch with Joan .
Prabhu positive Sudhir ; Sudhir negative Sushma <$> Three youths – Prabhu , Chandru and Siddesh aspiring for government job , computer center and to settle in Dubai are struck with a bad luck in life when Sudhir a best friend of Prabhu . Prabhu with his best friends Chandru and Siddesh decide to kidnap the daughter of business tycoon so that his friend Sudhir lives happily . In the process of kidnap of Sushma fiancé of Sudhir – Prabhu is hit badly on his forehead , Chandru loses his right leg and Siddesh becomes deaf . It is not just that in the life of trios . The destiny is very bad when they are back to their native place . Prabhu loses his lover for someone , Siddesh is sent out from the home , Chandru losing a leg finds Pavitra , sister of Prabhu for his life . The story takes a curious turn when the marriage out of struggle between Sudhir and Sushma breaks up . The trio goes back to the same place where they received brutal injuries and question the lovers on separation
Jake negative Ryan ; Jake positive Max ; Jake negative Roqua <$> Jake Tyler has recently moved from Iowa to Orlando , Florida with his mother , Margret , and younger brother , Charlie , to support Charlie 's shot at a professional tennis career . Jake was a star athlete on the football team at home , but in this new city , he is an outsider with a reputation for being a quick tempered brawler after a video of him on the Internet starting a fight in a football game , because one of his opponents made a rash comment about Jake 's dead father , circulates around his new school . Making an attempt to fit in , at the invitation of a flirtatious classmate , Baja Miller , Jake goes to a party where he is unwillingly pulled into a fight with the fighting champion at the school , Ryan McCarthy . Originally , Jake does not wish to fight until Ryan taunts him about his father who died while driving drunk with Jake in the car . Unsurprisingly , Jake is defeated in the fight , but a classmate , Max Cooperman , who later becomes one of his best friends introduces himself to Jake and tells him about the sport known as Mixed Martial Arts . He sees a star in Jake and asks that he meet with his mentor , Jean Roqua . It is immediately apparent to Jake that MMA is not street fighting , but rather an art form he wants to master . Roqua agrees to take Jake as a pupil , but under the condition of Jake being unable to fight outside of the gym which Jake agrees to , though knowing he wishes to confront Ryan anyway . Baja attempts to apologize to Jake , but he does not sympathize with her and refuses to forgive her . Baja then confronts Ryan about the fight with Jake and then proceeds to end their relationship . Ryan begins to create a scene before the entire school but Jake steps in to defend Baja . After Ryan insults him again and leaves , Jake attends training with Roqua while still angry about the incident ; Roqua asks Jake to leave to " cool off " . After he and Max leave the gym Jake gets into a brawl with a group of guys in a Hummer whom Jake easily disposes of while Max films . This video again circulates around the school raising Jake 's social status but in the process only annoying Ryan . Ryan then proceeds to challenge Jake to compete in the Beatdown , an underground fighting tournament of which Ryan is the reigning champion . After having been banished from the gym by Roqua after his fight is discovered , Jake begs for forgiveness saying his anger is quelled when he is training with Roqua . Roqua agrees to allow Jake to train at his gym again , but does not take it easy on him anymore . He then prepares to compete in the Beatdown . Jake apologizes to Baja for not listening when she first apologized and the two proceed to begin a relationship . While training with Roqua , Jake inquires why he lives in the gym . Jake discovers that Roqua is from Brazil and he is in exile because he believes he is the reason his brother , Joseph the favorite son , was killed and his father had disowned him for this . After being informed that Jake has decided not to compete in the Beatdown , Ryan invites Max to hang out at his house ; there he begins to spar with Max before brutally assaulting him and leaving him at Jake 's door . Jake and Baja take Max to the hospital where Jake decides to fight and when Baja begs him not to , he states that doing nothing has consequences . Before he goes to the tournament , he has a brief argument with Roqua about his decision to fight . Roqua eventually assents and tells him to " control the outcome " of the fight . Jake arrives at the tournament where it is about to begin . After a mix - up where Jake and Ryan almost fight in the first round , they both proceed to make their way through each leg . Jake makes it to the semifinals but was injured in the previous match after taking a kick to the ribs . While Jake is recovering after the match , Baja sees him and tells him that she finally understands that Jake is fighting " so he does n't have to fight again " . After learning that Ryan was disqualified in his semifinal match , Jake forfeits , seeing no reason to continue . While he and Baja attempt to leave , Ryan confronts him and the two finally fight outside in the parking lot . Jake is still limited by his ribs , and Ryan at first gains the upper hand , applying a choke on Jake . However , Jake escapes , and , with the entire crowd watching , knocks out Ryan using one of the first combinations Roqua taught him . The next day , a visibly injured Max has been released from the hospital . Jake has won the respect of his fellow students , including Ryan , and Roqua closes the gym with a ticket to Brazil , signaling his intention to reconcile with his father .
Matt positive Cara <$> Cara - Ethyl is an eccentric and sheltered girl on the eve of her eighteenth birthday who desperately dreams of an exciting life . But she 's left with her blind , clueless mother , a pest of a brother and imaginary friends . All that is changed when the pizza man , Matt Firenze , comes to the door . Soon , Cara - Ethyl persuades Matt to allow her to go with him on his deliveries . As the night progresses , Cara - Ethyl and Matt impart their wisdom and learn from each other , and both are forced to evaluate their lives .
Bobby neutral Matthews ; Bobby positive her ; Chackochan positive Matthews <$> Bobby , orphaned at a young age , is brought up as his own son by his uncle , Matthews . He is betrothed to Chackochan 's daughter , Tina . However , his old flame from college , Nina , turns up with a toddler allegedly fathered by Bobby . He denies this vehemently and goes to great lengths to prove her wrong , whilst keeping this under wraps from his fiancée . Eventually , having discovered the truth , Chackochan calls off the wedding , publicly humiliating Matthews for the dishonesty . With nothing left to lose , Bobby is prepared to accept Nina as his wife . On accosting her , she divulges the truth about the child - Bobby 's cousin had an affair with Nina 's sister , who died in childbirth . In the climax , Nina suffers a fainting episode , whereupon it is revealed that she is terminally ill with polycythemia rubra vera and wanted to ensure her niece would not be orphaned . Bobby races to get the medicine to treat this acute relapse , but can not reach her in time to save her .
Peter neutral she <$> Margaret Garrison is a stage actress who has spent her career starring in virginal roles , although she would relish the opportunity to play someone less savory , such as an Italian prostitute , at least once before she retires . When a blackout shutters her current Broadway play for the night , she returns home unexpectedly and discovers her architect husband Peter being overly attentive to attractive reporter Roberta Lane . Infuriated , she heads to the couple 's weekend house in Connecticut and takes a potion to fall asleep . When embezzler Waldo Zane develops car trouble near Margaret 's home , he sneaks in , unwittingly takes some of the elixir himself , and falls into a deep sleep beside her . Peter shows up , assumes his wife has been unfaithful , and heads back to Manhattan . Margaret 's agent Ladislaus Walichek , anxious because she has announced her plan to retire , keeps her husband 's jealousy burning in the hope their marriage will crumble and she 'll be forced to continue working to support herself . Margaret and Peter eventually reconcile , but new questions about what really happened when the lights went out arise when she gives birth exactly nine months after that fateful night .
Luisa positive Matt <$> Amos Babcock Bellamy and Ben Hucklebee scheme to get their respective children , Luisa and Matt , to fall in love . Knowing they will resist their fathers ' interference , the two men use reverse psychology and fabricate a feud , building a wall between their houses and forbidding their children to speak to each other . When their plan works , they enlist the aid of El Gallo , the proprietor of a traveling carnival , to put an end to their supposed disagreement in a manner which will not reveal their deception . El Gallo pretends to kidnap Luisa with the help of his troupe , which includes elderly Shakespearean actor Henry Albertson and his mute sidekick Mortimer ( [ [ Teller , and arranges for Matt to rescue her . The couple settles into what they anticipate will be domestic bliss , but through the eyes of El Gallo and company they see the harsh realities of the world , and their innocent romanticism is replaced by a more mature understanding of love .
Masi positive Divya ; Divya positive Mani ; Masi neutral Mani <$> Masi is an orphan living in a lower middle class colony . With a heart of gold , he is a popular guy who takes up local issues , fights for them and is considered as a rowdy by those who do n’t know him . Enter the heroine Divya , a rich upper middle class girl who is a dance instructor and with whom Masi falls in love at the first sight . But Divya shows aversion to his rowdisam and gets offended with his proposal . Masi does n’t loose heart and attempts to win Divya ’s family by being a goody boy and dons another name , Mani . Except Divya , all are aware that both Mani and Masi is one person . Later when Divya finds out the truth , she gets into dilemma as whom she has to choose . Bhoopathy , the local corrupt Sub Inspector who is also behind Divya , is determined to flop the hero ’s plans and seeks to uncover his disguise of Mani . He is always on look out to prove that Mani is none other than Masi , the rowdy . How Mani wins over Divya against all odds serves as the climax of the movie .
Torsten negative Anna ; Vera neutral Anna ; Anna positive Gustav ; Anna positive Lars ; Vera neutral Gustav <$> Set in Sweden , the film is shown in flashbacks in the course of a trial in which a young woman with a half - hidden face , Anna Holm , is charged with murder . The events , as described by the witnesses , begin years before when aristocrat Torsten Barring hosts a party at a tavern . The guests include Vera , the faithless wife of noted plastic surgeon Gustav Segert . When the tavern refuses to extend his credit , Torsten meets the proprietress Anna &mdash; whose face is badly scarred from a fire 22 years ago caused by her father . Torsten treats Anna as if she is beautiful and charming rather than scarred and unpleasant . Anna is suspicious , and Torsten implies that he may need her help in the future . Anna is leader of a gang of blackmailers . She obtains letters proving Vera is having an affair and demands money . Gustav comes home unexpectedly and , thinking Anna a thief , wants to call the police , but Vera convinces him to let her go . Gustav becomes intrigued by Anna 's scars and offers to perform plastic surgery on her . Anna is subjected to twelve operations . Within two years , she turns into a beautiful woman no longer ridiculed by strangers . After leaving Gustav 's Swiss clinic , she returns to Torsten , who is amazed by her new physical beauty . She assures him that in spite of this , she has not yet joined the side of the angels . Torsten obliquely tells her that his uncle , Consul Magnus Barring , who is very old and very rich , is leaving everything to a four - year - old grandson . But , if something happens to the grandson , Torsten will inherit instead . Anna is horrified by what he is driving at , but is compelled through love for Torsten to agree . Using the name " Ingrid Paulson , " Anna is hired as a governess on Torsten 's recommendation and goes to live at the Barring chateau . She becomes fond of the kindly Consul and his sweet - natured grandson , Lars - Erik . Torsten soon joins them , but party guests include Gustav , who recognises " Ingrid " as Anna . Thinking that she has softened and changed her name to start a new life , Gustav does not reveal her true identity . The next day , Anna accidentally leaves Lars - Erik too long under a sun lamp . Her genuine distress makes Torsten suspicious of her resolve to kill the boy . He gives her an ultimatum that Lars - Erik must die before the next night and she reluctantly agrees . The incident , however , causes Gustav to become suspicious , especially after seeing Anna with Torsten at the nearby falls . Anna takes Lars - Erik for an open cable car ride across the falls . Halfway across , she loosens a bolt and the boy comes perilously close to falling to his death . Anna pulls him back to safety and hugs him , overcome with remorse . Seeing this , Gustav decides that she has changed for the better . On the Consul 's birthday , Anna gives him a miniature chess set . A multiple sleigh ride in the snow is organised . Anna suddenly sees Lars - Erik in the same sleigh as Torsten . Panicking for the boy 's safety , she gets Gustav to pursue them , confessing to the whole plot and how she now hates Torsten . When they reach the sleigh , Torsten wo n't stop so Anna takes out a gun and shoots him . They save the boy and Torsten 's body slips into the falls . Anna stands trial for Torsten 's murder , during which the whole story is made public . Gustav testifies under oath that he is in love with her . But the court is not fully satisfied that she killed in order to save the life of the boy . Anna reveals that she placed a suicide note confessing to the scheme inside the chess set that she gave to the Consul . His housekeeper , Emma Kristiansdotter , who resented the new governess , stole the note without reading it -- she assumed it to be a love letter and part of a scheme by Anna to seduce and marry the Consul for his money . While the judges adjourn to consider their verdict , Vera tries to reconcile with Gustav , but he has become aware of her numerous infidelities . He coaxes Anna into professing her love and he proposes marriage , after which the court attendant says that the judges are ready to give their decision , suggesting that Gustav might want to come along as well .
Wyatt positive Joel ; Dwayne negative Joel <$> Fran Kranz stars as Joel , a guy who has recently been dumped by his girlfriend , sending him into a spiral of depression . His two friends , Wyatt and Ben , a closet homosexual , take him on a road trip to lift his spirits and take revenge on Dr. Dwayne . The friends take their trip in Wyatt 's van , which he has customized into a cross-country hotdog stand in an attempt to impress Oscar Meyer and get a job with them . On the way , they encounter an elderly nymphomaniac couple who had sexual intercourse in front of them . After being dropped off , they realized their wallets are stolen by three women , leaving them with only ten dollars delivered to Wyatt in a 15 - year - old birthday card from his grandmother . They use this money to enter into a hot bod contest , on which Ben had a flashback of his mother constantly yelling at him to work hard in the competition . After getting advice from a man Walrus Boy , he wins , getting $ 10,000 for the prize . As they approach their destination , Joel abandons his friends in a fit of hopelessness , winding up drunk in a back alley . His childhood tormenter , Drake Hanswald , appears in a hallucination , and Joel watches helplessly as his younger self is tormented by Drake and all of his other classmates . Realizing that he needs to change his situation and stand up for himself , Joel returns to his friends just in time to save them from the hippies who had previously stolen Wyatt 's hood ornament . The next morning , they go to the studio where Dr. Dwayne 's show is filmed and sneak in . After beating up Dr. Dwayne 's decoy , the real Dr. Dwayne appears , revealing that he intentionally caused Joel 's breakup to motivate Joel to take a stand for himself . He also reveals that he has found a rich man that Wyatt had saved from a life of drugs , who is willing to finance Wyatt 's Wieners . Ben makes a speech to the audience and accepts his homosexuality . Now that the friends have all achieved what they needed , they head home , and we learn that Wyatt 's Wieners became the 4th most successful pre-packaged meat company in the U.S. and that he lives in a hotdog - shaped house with his dachshund named Beyoncé . Ben went on to become a successful lawyer and cologne designer , and that he currently lives with his " roommate " Johnathan and his two cats . Joel invented " unpantsable " pants , and the three friends take the Wienerwagon on a road trip every year to spread cross-country happiness .
Unni positive Panikkar ; Unni positive Ammu <$> the master and his wife is waiting for Unni , their only son who is missing for many years . 10 year old Unni got lost in the crowd during a temple festival where he was along with his neighbour Panikkar . Panikkar too did not return since he decided to return only after finding Unni . Ammu is Panikkar 's daughter who also believes , like master and his wife , that her father will return one day with Unni . The master finds Unni and brings him back to the Village . The villagers realizes that Unni is abnormal and is mentally challenged . He behaves like a small boy and creates all sorts of trouble for the villagers and his parents . His main hobby was " Mundu collection " . He will snatch the Mundu worn by people in the village after aiming at it with a hand gesture resembling Okay gesture . This leads to a series of comical incidents in the village . He is given Ayurveda treatment under the guidance of the church priest . Ammu looks after Unni , which her cousin objects to , as he loves her . Eventually , Ammu starts to love Unni and waits for his recovery to marry him.But finally Unni gets back his memory only to let out the truth that he is not Unni but Vishnu , the son of a Bangalore don . Then the story unfolds Vishnu 's earlier life and tragedy .
Daniel negative Gilbert <$> A new science teacher at Kona Pali High School in Hawaii pushes a group of students to come up with a science project . With a combination of design vision , mechanical skills , knowledge of batteries , and lightweight drivers , the students design and build a solar - powered car they name " Cockroach . " Their team manages to outperform a corporate - sponsored car and win the local Big Island competition by correctly predicting cloudy weather based on the surfing experience of the student captain , Daniel . Cloudy weather would make their vehicle 's battery capacity a more important factor than its weight . With the shop teacher as chaperone , the students travel to Australia to compete in the World Solar Challenge . To the relief of their corporate sponsor , who is still bitter over the loss of his company - built vehicle in Hawaii , their car is delayed at the very start of the race . However , the students choose to persevere and remain in the race . A sand storm and other difficulties provide occasions for heroism . Uni pilots the car through difficult terrain , but has an accident and is rescued by Gilbert . After Cindy is disqualified from driving for drinking alcohol , Eduardo puts aside his " lolo - haole " conflict with Daniel and reduces the car to allow the overweight Gilbert to drive .
she neutral Casey ; Jason neutral Casey ; she positive Austin ; she negative Jason <$> Brent Keller seemed to have it all -- a successful career as an architect , a loving wife and a beautiful home . Tragically , his wife Gretchen was shot by someone unknown to her while leaving work . Casey and Jason Hest offer condolences and reach out to Brent repeatedly . At first he rejects it , but when Casey sends over one of her famous dishes , Brent opens up . It starts off as a friendship , but it becomes obvious that Brent has a crush on the struggling writer . When Casey and Jason decide to remodel their kitchen , Brent quickly offers his services . Through a series of flashbacks we see that things were not going well between Brent and Gretchen . Brent disapproved of her new career as in advertisement , believing she had sold out as an artist . He blamed Jason for introducing Gretchen to Sean . Brent grew increasing convinced that Sean and his wife were having an affair . We learn that Gretchen 's untimely death was the work of a junkie , hired by Brent to kill her . As if that was n't evil enough , instead of paying the killer off , Brent poisoned him with some liquor . While measuring for blueprints for the remodeling job , he goes through the neighbors ' belongings . Finding Casey 's lingerie , he begins to fantisize about being together with her . He imagines running over Jason , paying him back for ruining his marriage . Through a series of hidden cameras Brent learns that Casey is jealous and suspicious of Jason 's medical partner Paula , and also that Jason previously had an affair . Brent uses this , and other bits of information , to turn Casey against her husband . When Jason is unable to show up at his son 's soccer game , Casey 's car mysteriously refuses to start . Conveniently , Brent offers to take Austin to his game , while she waits for help . She eventually arrives at the game , thanking him for his help . She quips that she " owes him " , and he affirms that he will collect . As Brent 's assistant was going through his books , she notices a charge for gas on his credit card bill . It concerns her that is in the neighborhood where the junkie met his demise , so she alerts the police . The cops go through Brent 's background to discover that Gretchen was n't his first wife , that he was previously married , and he 's a " classic abuser " . Within eight months of their marriage , she had filed a restraining order . He is now a person of interest in Gretchen 's death . Soon Brent causes trouble for Jason , stealing confidential information on the mayor 's health , making Jason miss Casey 's book reading by sabotaging Paula 's heat and lights so she 'd have to check on her mother , while Jason had to take Paula 's patients , then when Jason asked for advice on should he cancel going to a benefit given for Paula , Brent tells him to go but not tell Casey . Brent hides out in his car taking pictures that seem like an intimate moment between Paula and Jason and send them to Casey 's cell phone . When Jason comes home , an obviously drunk Casey confronts him and kicks him out . Brent sees this as an opportunity to move in ; he makes a move and kisses Casey , who at first did n't stop him , but then asked him to leave . The next day when he went over , she told him he 's still grieving and it was a mistake ; he does n't take it well , stating he know she has feelings for him , and that Jason will just hurt her again , noting about Jason 's previous affair , she asks how he knows this and says that he and Jason had drinks earlier . Casey calls Jason to have him come over and asks him if he told Brent about the affair ; Jason told her , he did n't . She tells him about the kiss and that he started acting weird , while Brent is listening in on the hidden cameras , Casey tells Jason she does n't have feelings for Brent , which upsets him , he says , " tell him you do love me " . Jason says that Brent must have been spying on them , he searches around and discovers the hidden cameras , they decide to call the police and leave the house , Brent loses it , the lights turn off and he knocks out Jason who was trying to call the police on his cell phone . Brent tells him , " you destroyed my life , you 're going to lose everything , your wife , your child and your home . then we 'll be even . " He hits him in the head again . Casey calls for Jason but Brent answers ; she locks herself and Austin in his room , she has him climb out the window to the neighbors , Brent breaks down the door , she grabs a small vase and hides it . Brent told her that Jason ruined his life , that he had to kill Gretchen so she would n't leave him for Sean , and that he never expected to fall in love with her , but ever since the first day she came over to comfort him . But he tells her she just like Gretchen , she hits him in the head and runs to the kitchen to find Jason , she grabs a knife calling out for Jason , she hears a noise and accidentally stabs Jason . Brent runs down with a knife holding it to her throat , saying they could have had everything , she 's the perfect wife , mother and companion , but not now . She grabs a knife and stabs him . The police and EMTs arrive , and as Jason 's carried out on a gurney Detective Ruiz says their forensic need to search the entire house and they already found four other cameras . As the EMTs wheel Brent out he just stares right at Casey . Then it is seen that Brent is in a mental hospital , with a bunch of drawings around him , as a nurse is giving him a shot , he asks if his wife is there yet and he tells her to tell Casey he is ready to come home . Casey has a dream that she is watching Jason and Austin play soccer , then Brent shows up saying " miss me ? " ; she starts screaming and awakens to be comforted by Jason and Austin .
Peter negative Annie ; Vaughn positive Tom ; Peter neutral Vaughn ; Cyril positive Monique ; Kareem negative Malcolm ; Annie positive Vaughn ; Monique neutral Wick ; Vaughn negative Wick ; Monique negative Peter <$> { { Plot } } Climber and photographer Peter Garrett caused his father Royce to plummet to his death in order to save his sister Annie 's and his own life . Peter has retired from climbing and is a wildlife photographer , full - time . Annie has become a renowned mountain climber . When his assistant is injured , Peter shows up at base camp as Annie attempts to climb K2 in the Pakistan province of Gilgit - Baltistan , the world 's second highest mountain , which is very dangerous to climb because of the tough conditions which await at the summit . The expedition is funded by wealthy industrialist Elliot Vaughn who is also going to climb , with the help of his friend Tom McLaren . There is a huge party the night before the climbers begin the trek . Vaughn is introduced to Peter , whom he asks to accompany them on the trip , but Peter instantly refuses . The climb is a disaster as the winds begin to wreak havoc . Annie , Vaughn , and Tom fall through a patch of ice and become trapped in a crevasse . Annie radios back to base using Morse code and Peter learns of Annie 's plight . Due to the seriousness of the cave - in , the rescue party realizes that they may need explosives to blast a hole for a rescue . But the only explosive that they can get their hands on is old nitroglycerin in leaky canisters . Few climbers are willing to consider the trip . Peter manages to assemble a rescue mission with the base 's best climbers including brothers Cyril and Malcolm , Monique Aubertine , Kareem Nazir and Skip Taylor . However , the day before the rescue mission goes underway . Skip and Peter also go visit Montgomery Wick , reported to be the world 's best climber and foremost expert on K2 . Skip is unable to go as Wick says he needs him on the ground directing the mission . The teams pair off : Malcolm and Kareem , Monique and Cyril , and Peter and Wick . They each split up and take different entry points up the mountain with the hope that diversifying their explosives will increase the chances of at least one pair getting through if another has an accident with the unstable Nitro . Cyril constantly " flirts " with Monique . Malcolm and Kareem have awkward conversations which Malcolm points to wanting to complete the mission faster . Monique and Cyril enter trouble when Cyril loses his balance and clings to the side of a cliff . After Monique secures her harness to him , the peak cracks and Monique also falls over the edge and the nitro falls from Cyril 's backpack and creates a huge explosion that the other teams notice . Cyril is able to climb back up , however , while he cheers arrogantly lowering a harness for Monique , they both hear a rumbling noise . The explosion and crackling has in fact started an avalanche and is heading straight for Cyril . Cyril , unable to do anything watches and screams helplessly as the avalanches swamps him and subsequently throws him over the edge off the peak . Monique , still hanging onto the edge , manages to survive and get back onto the peak . She then radios in and informs base that Cyril has been killed , but orders them not to tell Malcolm yet . Back at the station , nitroglycerin , used to clear rock formations etc. , comes into contact with the sun and reacts and subsequently explodes , completely dumbfounding the crew . Base tell the groups to get their cases of nitroglycerin into the shade to avoid an explosion . Monique teams up with Peter and Wick and they successfully manage to avoid a calamity . Malcolm and Kareem just manage to get the nitroglycerin , but the can containing it leaks and it is exposed to the sun , killing both of them in the explosion . Monique , Wick , and Peter witness the explosion . Meanwhile , underground , Annie begins to suffer from pulmonary edema , when water begins to form inside of the lungs , and she will die unless given medical attention . Tom is in a more severe state , with his leg and ribs broken . Vaughn is the only one unharmed and possesses the medical kit . Annie pleads with him to use dexamethasone to save Tom and herself , but Vaughn declines , unwilling to waste it on a " lost cause " . More to the fact , Vaughn does n't want to die and believes he and Annie have the best chance of survival . During the trek the next day , Monique comes across a woman 's body frozen in the ice that has been uncovered due to the second explosion . As she gets closer , Wick instantly recognizes the body and tells Monique not to touch her ; it is his own wife . After Wick collects a ring and an empty box that contained " dex " from his wife 's body , he tells Peter that Elliot Vaughn is responsible for his wife 's death . Vaughn 's story from his first disastrous climb on K2 detailed that the " dex " was swept away , but Wick 's wife always kept it on her person , meaning the empty box proves Vaughn used it for himself . Knowing that Vaughn 's story is a fraud and that he contributed to the deaths of other climbers , Wick plans to kill him on the mountain and warns Peter that his sister ought to watch her supply very carefully . Peter and Monique begin to grow close and there is some mild flirtation as Peter helps her set bones on her broken finger ; moreover , they talk about her relationship with Skip , for Peter to find out that it 's mostly professional , and not romantic , as he had once thought . Meanwhile , in Annie 's camp , as night comes Vaughn gives himself some dex , then kills Tom by sticking Tom with the syringe , full of air to save remaining dex for himself . Annie radios Peter and tells him that she wo n't survive much longer and that he should save himself and turn back ; he and Monique instead continue on their own early while Wick is sleeping . Wick wakes up to see them gone and Peter and Monique , having continued trekking up the mountain , soon find the place where Annie and Vaughn are imprisoned . They use the nitroglycerin to create a hole , enabling access to the survivors . As Peter attempts to rescue Annie and Vaughn , the harness begins to loosen but Wick arrives and secures it . Wick descends into the cave and harnesses Annie again , and though a weakened Vaughn thinks he is about to attack him , Wick attaches a harness to him as well , and along with Peter , they manage to pull Annie up with Wick and Vaughn still harnessed underneath . As they pull Annie up a clump of snow is dislodged and Annie , Peter , Wick and Vaughn are all left hanging with just Monique supporting all their weight . With Vaughn below him , Wick understands they can not be pulled up and calmly cuts the rope . Recovering at base camp Annie reconciles with Peter , who finally pays his respects at a memorial for those killed on K2 , including Wick , Vaughn , Kareem , his cousin Ali , brothers Cyril and Malcom , guide Tom McLaren , and Wick 's wife .
Judy positive Upjohn <$> Hugo Z. Hackenbush is a veterinarian who is hired as chief of staff for the Standish Sanitarium , owned by Judy Standish , at the insistence of her most important patient , the rich Mrs. Upjohn , , who insists on being treated only by Dr. Hackenbush . The Sanitarium has fallen on hard times , and banker J.D. Morgan is attempting to gain control of it . Judy hopes that Mrs. Upjohn will make a large donation and stop that from happening . Meanwhile , Judy 's boyfriend , singer Gil Stewart ( [ [ Allan Jones , has taken his life 's savings and bought a horse with it , instead of paying for vocal lessons to further his career as a radio singer . His hope is that the horse , Hi - Hat , will win a big race , and the money will save the sanitarium . Unfortunately , he now has no money to pay for the horse 's feed , and he and Tony , who works for the sanitarium , and Stuffy , Hi - Hat 's jockey , have to resort to trickery to fend off the Sheriff &ndash; who is Morgan 's stooge &ndash; attempts to rattle Mrs. Upjohn 's faith in Hackenbush by having her discover him in a compromising situation with a floozie , . Hackenbush is saved by Stuffy and Tony , who pose as house detectives and then as paperhangers , pasting the vamp to the wall behind layers of wallpaper . Next , Whitmore brings in the eminent Dr. Steinberg , who exposes Hackenbush as a quack . Hackenbush , Tony , Stuffy and Gil hide out in Hi - Hat 's stable , where Judy soon joins them . Morgan finds them and is about to have them arrested when the horse sees him and bolts , running for the racetrack , where he jumps the fence and enters the ongoing race , with Stuffy riding him and spurring him on by showing the animal a picture of Morgan .
Rahul negative Rai <$> Rahul , a flop writer , and Mr Rai , a management professional giant , are travelling in business class compartment of train in England from Southampton to London . The claustrophobia of closed space and fact that they both are Indians binds them in chatting . The chatting get more and more personal and they both learn that they are not happy with their married life . Rai is living miserable life . After his son 's death , his wife Nandini is in state of madness . Likewise Rahul is not respected by his wife after crash of his ambitious career as writer . Rahul and Rai come to mutual conclusion that only way to get out of their painful life is to kill each other 's wife . ' Strangers ' - a Bollywood take on failed marriages | Entertainment | Bollywood | ReutersStrangers : Previews , Synopsis and StorylineAlfred Hitchcock rides an Indian train ? - News - News & Gossip - Indiatimes - MoviesMovie Preview : Strangers - RS Bollywood Online
William negative Conroy ; her negative Conroy ; her positive Albert ; William negative her ; Conroy neutral Albert <$> Princess Victoria of Kent is the heiress presumptive to the throne during the last years of the reign of her uncle King William IV . She is brought up under a strict set of rules devised by her mother , the Duchess of Kent and comptroller of the Duchess 's household , Sir John Conroy , who calls it the " Kensington System . " Conroy hopes that William IV will die while Victoria is still a minor , thus the Duchess would be appointed Regent , and he would be the power behind the throne through his considerable control of the Duchess . Victoria grows rebellious and resentful of her mother and Conroy 's oppressive control of her every move . During an illness , her mother and Conroy attempt to force Victoria to sign papers that would make Conroy her personal secretary upon her majority . Although weak and ill , Victoria is strong enough to vehemently refuse this ploy , throwing the papers on the floor . Her uncle King Leopold I of Belgium wishes to use his influence through family ties to secure an alliance between Britain and Belgium . He realises his sister , the Duchess , exerts little influence over Victoria and decides to have his nephew Prince Albert of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld seduce Victoria . Albert is trained by Baron Stockmar to learn Victoria 's interests , including her favourite novels , music and opera . The Duchess invites the Coburg brothers , Albert and Prince Ernest of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld to visit the household . Victoria and Albert develop an early fondness for each other , despite Victoria knowing that Albert was sent by her uncle to win her favours . They begin writing to one another after Albert has returned home . To maintain control over Victoria , Conroy and the Duchess keep her away from the King 's court , and are unhappy when she insists on attending the King 's birthday reception . At the reception in Windsor Castle , the King , stating his wish to be closer to Victoria , insults her mother in public twice . The King increases Victoria 's income but this is rejected by Conroy , who physically subdues her in front of her mother , heightening the animosity between them . The King is outraged and sends the Whig Prime Minister Lord Melbourne to advise her . Victoria agrees to appoint Lord Melbourne as her private secretary , and he appoints her ladies - in - waiting , including the Duchess of Sutherland . King William dies after Victoria 's 18th birthday , avoiding a regency . After accession , Victoria immediately begins to exert her independence , including moving into her own room and banishing Conroy from her household and coronation . During her first meeting with the Privy Council , she announces , " I am young , but I am willing to learn . And I mean to devote my life in service of my country and my people . I look for your help in this . " Victoria moves into the recently completed Buckingham Palace . The Queen Dowager , Queen Adelaide advises Victoria against accepting all of Lord Melbourne 's proposed ladies - in - waiting , but he persists . Lord Melbourne and Albert begin a battle for influence over Victoria . Albert goes to England to spend more time with Victoria . They bond further , dancing during her coronation and Albert hints at going further with their relationship but Victoria resists . Lord Melbourne loses a vote in Parliament , leading Victoria to invite Sir Robert Peel of the Tories to form a new government . However , Victoria refuses to allow Peel to replace her ladies - in - waiting , who are allies of Lord Melbourne . Peel in turn refuses the queen 's invitation , allowing Melbourne to continue as prime minister . The subsequent crisis damages Victoria 's popularity , leading to demonstrations outside the palace and insults hurled at her in public . The loneliness during the turbulence draws Victoria closer to Albert through their letters . She invites Albert to England and proposes marriage . Victoria and Albert have a loving marriage , but Albert is frustrated at his initial powerlessness in the household . Queen Adelaide advises Victoria to allow Albert to take on more duties , which he does . He reorganises the running of the royal household and dismisses Conroy for mishandling funds . He also becomes Victoria 's primary adviser , rejecting the influences of Lord Melbourne and King Leopold . He overreaches when he goes over Victoria 's head in a matter with parliamentary politics , leading to a fierce argument between the two . One morning , while riding in a carriage together , Victoria is fired upon by a would - be assassin . Albert shields her , and his bravery leads to their reconciliation . The final title card explains that Victoria and Albert had nine children . Their descendants are the royal families of Britain , Spain , Sweden , Norway , Yugoslavia , Russia , Greece , Romania and Germany . They reigned together for 20 years . Albert died from typhoid fever at age 42 . In memory of him , Victoria had his clothes laid out every day until her death at the age of 81 . Victoria and Albert championed reforms in education , welfare and industry . They also supported arts and sciences that were celebrated in the Great Exhibition of 1851 . Victoria remains the longest reigning British monarch to date .
Oz neutral Jimmy ; Janni negative Oz ; Frankie positive Janni ; Cynthia positive Jimmy ; Frankie negative Jimmy ; Jimmy positive Jill ; Sophie neutral Jimmy ; Janni negative Jimmy ; Sophie negative Jill ; Cynthia neutral Jill ; Cynthia neutral Oz <$> Nicholas " Oz " Ozeranski ( [ [ Matthew Perry is a Quebec dentist from Chicago , trapped in a miserable marriage to the daughter of his late ex-partner . His wife Sophie and mother - in - law hate him , and his deceased father - in - law has saddled him with a lot of debt . He ca n't divorce his wife because her father embezzled from the dental practice , and he has nothing but debt if they separate . As the movie opens , Oz comes down to the kitchen , where his wife , Sophie , and her mother are having breakfast . Sophie tells Oz she needs $ 5000 , but wo n't say what for . He leaves for work , taking some frustration out on the steering wheel on the way . At the office , we are introduced to his assistant , Jill . Jill and Oz have lunch and she tells him that his wife is n't a good person . They joke about having her taken out of the picture , and Jill tells him to name a price . When Oz gets home , a new neighbor is moving in next door . Oz thinks that " Jimmy Jones " looks familiar , and after recognizing a tattoo on Jimmy 's forearm , realizes that he 's Jimmy " the Tulip " Tudeski . Tudeski is an infamous contract killer from Chicago who was given amnesty after ratting out Lazlo Gogolak and other members of the Gogolak gang . After an uncomfortable encounter , Oz runs home in a panic and tells Sophie they 're moving . But Sophie insists that Oz return to Chicago to collect a finder 's fee by giving up Jimmy 's whereabouts to Lazlo 's son , Janni . Upon arriving in Chicago , Oz has lunch with an old friend and confesses that he has no intention of meeting with Janni . Unfortunately , when Oz returns to his hotel room , he is greeted by Frankie Figs who turns out to be one of Janni 's enforcers . Frankie roughs Oz up to get the truth out of him and then takes him to Janni . At Janni 's estate , Oz meets Cynthia , Jimmy 's estranged wife . Janni instructs Frankie to accompany Oz back to Canada and keep an eye on Jimmy until Janni and his men arrive to take him out . Back at the hotel , Oz is freaking out when there 's a knock at the door . It 's Cynthia . She tells asks if Oz really knows where to find Jimmy , explaining that Janni and Jimmy both want her dead in order to collect on $ 10 million dollars being held in trust in their names . Oz woos Cynthia and the two share a bottle of scotch and end up sleeping together . Then Oz vows to find a way to protect Cynthia from Jimmy . Back in Canada , Frankie and a very nervous Oz enter another hotel room and see Jimmy waiting inside . It turns out that Frankie and Jimmy are old friends and together , are planning to take out Janni and his men when they come to do the hit on him . Oz returns to work and tells Jill about the events in Chicago . Jill is extremely excited when she finds out Jimmy the Tulip is Oz 's neighbor and makes Oz take her to meet him . Jill tells Jimmy that he 's her hero and the reason she wants to be a contract killer . We find out that Sophie tried to use the $ 5000 to have Jill kill Oz , but Jill ended up liking Oz after getting to know him and refused the contract . As Jimmy and Jill discuss the upcoming ambush , Oz gets angry and says that he wo n't stand by and let them kill Cynthia . Meanwhile , Sophie is in bed with a new hitter she has secured with her $ 5000 . Oz is back at home and tries to call and warn Cynthia about Jimmy 's plan , but she is already on the way with Janni . When they arrive at Oz 's house , Oz gets a chance to warn Cynthia , while she warns him that Janni will kill him after killing Jimmy . The two watch from Oz 's garage as Janni 's gang walks into the trap . Down the street , Sophie and her hitter are in his car . She is discussing the payment and promises that her mother will pay the remainder of his fee after the job is done . The hitter is distracted when he recognized Janni Gogolak heading toward Jimmy 's house . When Sophie tells him whose house it is , he realizes what 's about to happen , pulls out a gun and exits the car , leaving Sophie bewildered . When Janni enters the house , he is distracted by a naked Jill , and she , Jimmy and Frankie are easily able to kill Janni and his men . Sophie 's hitter is in the yard when he hears Oz 's car peel out behind him . Oz and Cynthia are making a break for it . This draws Jimmy 's attention to the window . He has Jill get the mystery hitter 's attention and then shoots him . Sophie sees this and runs , screaming , down the street . When they get the body inside , they realize he is an undercover cop . As they start to get a plan together to dispose of the bodies , Oz calls . While they are on the phone , Jill reveals that Oz slept with Cynthia in Chicago -- which she thinks is great -- but it infuriates Jimmy , who feels that friends should n't sleep with each other 's wives . Oz makes a deal with them that will benefit everyone . He will alter the cop 's teeth to exactly match Jimmy 's . They then put the cop 's body and Janni 's into Oz 's car and set it on fire , rendering the bodies unidentifiable , except by dental records . Jimmy is still really mad , but luckily , the plan works . The investigators think that Janni and Jimmy are both dead . This allows Cynthia to collect the $ 10 million , which as a part of the deal , she has agreed to transfer to Jimmy in exchange for her and Oz 's lives . The investigators also find the undercover cop 's car when they go to check out Jimmy 's house . Inside the car is a tape recorder , the contents of which are more than enough to put Sophie and her mother in prison , even though Sophie tearfully claims that Jill is the killer . The next day , the key players meet up in the city . While Cynthia and Jill go to the bank to transfer the money , Oz heads to an art museum with Jimmy , where they will be around people and Oz thinks he 'll be safe . Jimmy has other plans though and takes Oz out on a private yacht . Back at the bank , Jill asks Cynthia if she 's tempted to take the money and run . Cynthia decides that she loves Oz and ca n't leave him to be killed by Jimmy . Jill tells Cynthia that Jimmy wants her and Oz to have $ 1 million as a wedding gift , and the two women make the transfers . On the boat , Jimmy gets the call that the money has been received . He pulls out a gun and points it at Oz . Frankie grins knowingly before Jimmy turns and shoots him instead . Oz is floored , but happy to be alive . He tells Jimmy that it 's obvious he 's in love with " her . " Jimmy acts confused , thinking Oz is referring to Cynthia . In the next shot , Jill runs on the boat and jumps into Jimmy 's arms . Oz leaves to meet Cynthia . As soon as he sees her , he asks her to marry him . She looks disappointed and asks if Jimmy told him Oz does n't know what she 's talking about , and so she happily agrees to marry him . In the closing scene , the two newlywed couples are on a hotel balcony overlooking Niagara falls , dancing to a bluesy version of Ira Gershwin 's " They All Laughed " as the credits roll .
he negative Pippa ; her positive Sterling ; Kimo negative her ; he negative her ; her negative him ; he negative Ridley ; Pippa neutral her <$> A corrupt and greedy businessman , Carl Ridley , is running from the government , with his 18 - year - old daughter Pippa in tow . Pippa is not happy to leave her friends and comfortable life in Miami for the Cayman Islands . Arriving in the islands , Ridley is preoccupied . Banks are rapidly closing and he must find a clean place to store his stolen money . Meanwhile , Pippa finds native Caymanian Fritz sleeping off a late night in her bed . He flees out the window , leaving his wallet behind . She later finds Fritz on the beach to return his wallet and befriends him , in spite of his ridiculous come - on attempts . Fritz is yearning to show her the island , including its wild parties . But he owes money to island gang leader Ritchie Ritch , and when he peeks in on Pippa 's father unwrapping a massive amount of cash that he had taped around his torso , Fritz begins scheming . Pippa is completely unaware that she 's leading her father into even more trouble than he had in the United States . A parallel storyline involves Shy , a Cayman native . He is in love with Andrea , the daughter of his boss , Mr. Sterling , a very influential person in the island . But for an unknown reason , Andrea 's brother Hammer despises Shy . To protect their secret affair , whenever Shy would visit Andrea at home his good friend Kimo would watch the house in case Andrea 's father were to arrive . On Andrea 's birthday Shy visits her house and has sex with her , but Kimo falls asleep and fails to warn Shy of Sterling 's arrival . Shy escapes out the window , but not without being identified by Hammer . Later on , to avenge his sister 's lost womanhood , Hammer attacks Shy with acid which leaves a permanent scar on Shy 's face . Hammer is sent to jail for four months . Physically and emotionally scarred , Shy becomes a recluse . Andrea is emotionally broken and gives in to drugs and sex . Shy has his friend Patrick , the son of Mr. Allen , take him to Richie 's birthday party to find Andrea . Finding her in the bathroom having sex with a stranger , he runs into the front yard and vomits . She runs after him but he pushes her away knowing that she is high . Hammer sees Shy and begins to beat him up with help from his friends . Shy finally breaks free and runs down the street as Hammer curses at him , telling him to stay away . Meanwhile , at the same party , Fritz gets pulled in to see Richie while Pippa talks to a few other white girls doing drugs . Upset after smoking some pot , she finds Fritz and demands that he take her home . Having just told Richie to go to her home to steal the cash , he instead takes her to Mr. Sterling 's yacht . As they sit down inside , they find that the alarm has been set off ; the police arrive shortly and arrest both of them . Pippa is taken to the police station while Fritz is renditioned to a laundromat where a local cop who knows him delivers a lecture and a beating for acting disobediently throughout his life . After his own beating , Shy obtains a gun and returns to the party to find Hammer . After firing the gun to clear out the party , he corners Hammer and explains what a mess Hammer has made of his own sister 's life . He says that he will spare Hammer 's life so that he can watch the trouble that he has caused in Andrea 's life . Hammer replies that he would rather see Andrea become a whore than be with Shy . Enraged , Shy pulls the trigger . Shocked by what he has done , he apologizes and runs off . Over the next few hours , Andrea asks Patrick to take her to find Shy . He is disgusted with her and kicks her out of his car , but tells her that Shy is at the docks . When she finds him , she expresses her desire to be with him , regardless of others ' feelings . When he confesses to killing her brother , however , she leaves him in disgust , forgetting her shoes in her hurry . When Allen and Ridley go to the police station the next morning , Ridley soon realizes that he has been betrayed and is taken into custody by the FBI . When Allen goes home to retrieve the money that he believes he tricked Ridley into leaving in his safe , he discovers that the bag contains only sand and a conch shell . At her own condo , Pippa discovers the million dollars under her mattress . In the final scenes , Andrea prepares for Hammer 's funeral with her father , Kimo comforts Shy 's mother , and Shy sits on the dock where Andrea left him . He then gets into his boat , cuts the rope and motors away , throwing the gun into the water .
Tsukushi positive Tsukasa ; Tsukasa negative Nishida ; Rui neutral Tsukasa ; Kaburagi positive Tsukasa ; Akira neutral Tsukasa ; Tsukushi negative Rui <$> Tsukasa Dōmyōji and Tsukushi Makino are driving through Nevada . Weeks prior , Tsukasa announced to the world that he was engaged to Tsukushi . He released an embarrassing picture of her eating noodles , angering her . As a result of the announcement , Tsukushi 's family become targets of media attention . Soon after , Tsukushi ’s parents formally met with Kaede Dōmyōji , Tsukasa ’s mother , to discuss the wedding . Kaede presented Tsukushi with a tiara which grants endless love to the owner and her partner . At the Hotel Volver , the couple are about to kiss when a man crashes through the window and seizes the tiara . Tsukasa pursues the thief with Tsukushi far behind , but the thief manages to escape . Tsukushi and Tsukasa return to their room , where they notice that the window has been fixed . The staff claim they heard no disturbance , even though Tsukasa and the thief have created chaos throughout the hotel . After some investigation , Tsukasa 's secretary Nishida informs him that the thief may be in Las Vegas . Tsukasa and Tsukushi secretly plan to go there . Rui phones Shizuka Tōdō just before her wedding . He states that he has many things to move on from . Tsukasa visits Rui to inform him of his plans . Rui asks why he did not contact Sōjirō Nishikado or Akira Mimasaka instead , but Tsukasa tells him that they are busy . Tsukushi and Tsukasa finally arrive in Las Vegas . They check into a motel before going to a casino , a location where Nishida told them the thief might be . They meet Shigeru Okawahara , who reveals that she is seeing Kazu Kaburagi , the heir of a large company that owns the hotel where the tiara was stolen . Tsukasa questions Kaburagi ; he says that he was told to pretend nothing happened at the Hotel - in return for his cooperation , five million USD was deposited into his account . Kaburagi claims he does not know the thief . Back at the motel , Akira calls Tsukasa and informs him that the tiara will go on the black market in Hong Kong . Tsukushi and Tsukasa then plan to head there before Kaburagi arrives , saying that he heard about the auction . He gives them the five million to help them get the tiara back . Tsukushi and Tsukasa gamble the money at the roulette table in order to pay Kuburagi back . As the wheel is spinning , the two notice the thief and Tsukasa chases him by jumping over the table , causing the ball to land next to the winning space . The thief gets away and Tsukushi is thrown out of the casino for refusing to hand over the money . Outside , she reunites with Tsukasa and the rest of F4 , who Tsukasa has called . The five fly to Hong Kong in a private jet for the auction . They win the tiara back but Tsukushi sees Rui talking to the thief . She tells Tsukasa , but he does not believe her and the two fight . The next day , Tsukushi boards the private jet , finding Tsukasa already there . They are still on bad terms . A flight attendant serves them spiked champagne , the two pass out and the thief steals the tiara again . They awake on an island where they wait for help . They realize that their wild goose chase around the world is similar to the story behind the tiara . After talking with Kaburagi about why he divorced his wife , Tsukushi asks Tsukasa what his dream is . He points at her . Just as Tsukushi is about to tell her dream in return , a helicopter arrives to pick them up . They arrive at an estate and confront the man who they saw at the auction . He reveals that the tiara plot is a ruse by their parents to ensure that their marriage would be happy . Everyone involved was part of the act . They finally marry in Ebisu , Tokyo . One year later , Sōjirō is a renowned tea master releasing a book , Akira is meeting with his fellow underground men , and Tsukasa and Tsukushi are back on the uninhabited island . As they write " Love " on the beach , Tsukasa asks Tsukushi what her dream is ; she places her hand over stomach and says that it has come true . Overjoyed , Tsukasa listens to her stomach . Meanwhile , Rui has finally moved on from Shizuka as he places a picture of Tsukushi and F4 on his windowsill .
Shahnawaz neutral Danial ; Gulaab neutral Shahnawaz <$> The story written by Syed Noor revolves around Gulaab Bibi , a village belle who falls in love with a dashing army officer Shahnawaz posted in her village along the Pakistan - India border . Shahnawaz hails from a well - off wadera family that owns , among other things , an imposing haveli complete with a two - way staircase in the entrance hall that serves as a vantage point for theatrical entries and exits by different characters throughout the film . In Shahnawaz ’s family , both his brothers Ricky Mirza and Danial Khan and a heavy - duty , bedecked sister - in - law put up serious opposition to his marriage plans to Gulaab . Instead , they have their sights set on his brother ’s glamorous sister - in - law ( played by the late actress [ [ Aleena as a much more suitable match for him . Shahnawaz , however , foils their plans by bringing the newlywed Gulaab to the haveli , much to the ire of his family , before setting off for a romantic honeymoon . Trouble rears its ugly head when Gulaab is supposedly found to be unable to have children and her brother - in - law [ Danial Khan ] puts pressure on Shahnawaz to marry Aleena for the sake of carrying on the lineage . Gulaab is eventually kicked out of the house after being falsely blamed of having an affair . In a bid to commit suicide , a devastated Gulaab consequently finds herself on the wrong side of the Wagah Border . She is whisked off to jail after interrogation . What follows in the second half of the film is the metamorphosis of Saima from a naïve village girl to a defiant , courageous , and larger - than - life heroine who braves the horrific circumstances of prison in order to eventually redeem herself in the eyes of Shahnawaz , who , in a twist ending , is the one suffering from infertility and not she .
Saxena positive Bhawani ; Singh negative Babloo ; Singh negative Karan <$> The family of Justice Saxena is extremely happy until his younger brother Inspector Rajesh Saxena arrests a notorious gangster , Bhawani Singh . Justice Saxena sentences Bhawani Singh to death . Bhawani Singh 's brother , Dilawar Singh , vows to avenge his brother and he kills the judge as well as his driver Shanker . Dilawar Singh also tries to kill their sons . Driver Shanker 's son , Karan loses his eyesight while saving Justice Saxena 's son Babloo . Justice Saxena 's wife , the two children and Rajesh Saxena leave the city . Dilawar Singh finds them and kills the Judge 's wife and throws Babloo out of the running train . Before dying , Babloo donates his eyes to Karan . Karan vows that he will not remove his goggles till he confronts Dilawar Singh .
KGB neutral Bella ; Matt neutral Jed ; Toni positive Erica ; Tanner neutral Wolverines ; KGB negative Daryl ; Toni negative Robert ; Jed negative Bella <$> An introductory text explains how the USA gradually became strategically isolated when several European nations , except the United Kingdom , withdrew their membership in NATO . At the same time , the Warsaw Pact are aggressively expanding their sphere of influence . In addition , the Ukrainian wheat harvest fails and a communist coup occurs in Mexico . On a September morning in the small town of Calumet , Colorado , a local high school teacher pauses mid sentence when he sees paratroopers landing in a nearby field . These are Russian Airborne Troops , who promptly open fire when the teacher confronts them . Pandemonium follows as students flee amid heavy gunfire . In downtown Calumet , Cuban and Soviet troops are trying to impose order after a hasty occupation . Shortly thereafter , Colonel Bella instructs the KGB to go to the local sporting goods store and obtain the records of the store 's gun sales on the ATF 's Form 4473 , which includes the names of citizens who have purchased firearms . Jed Eckert , his brother Matt , and their friends Robert , Danny , Daryl , and Aardvark , flee into the wilderness after hastily equipping themselves at Robert 's father 's sporting goods store . While on the way to the mountains , they run into a Russian blockade , but are saved by a US Army helicopter gunship that destroys the blockade . After several weeks in the forest , they sneak back into town ; Jed and Matt learn that their father has been captured and is being held in a re-education camp . They visit the site and speak to him through the fence ; Mr. Eckert orders his sons to abandon him , and to " avenge " his inevitable death . They then visit the Masons and learn that they are behind enemy lines in " Occupied America " and that Robert 's father has been executed because the guns from his store - the ones he gave to the boys - were found to be missing by the occupation authorities . The couple also charge the boys with taking care of their two granddaughters , Toni and Erica . After killing some Soviet soldiers in the woods , the youths begin an armed resistance against the occupation forces calling themselves " Wolverines " after their high school mascot . Initially the occupation forces try reprisal tactics , executing groups of civilians following every Wolverine attack , in hopes of intimidating the local population and compelling the Wolverines to surrender or desist from further attacks . During one of these executions the Eckert brothers ' father is killed . Daryl 's father , Calumet 's Mayor Bates , tries to appease the occupation authorities . The teenagers find a downed United States Air Force F - 15 pilot , Lt. Col. Andrew Tanner and learn about the current state of the war : several cities such as Washington , D.C. , Kansas City , and Omaha have been obliterated , America 's Strategic Air Command has been crippled in a surprise attack by Cuban saboteurs who had posed as immigrants illegally crossing the US - Mexico border , and the paratroopers the youths have encountered were dropped from fake commercial airliners to seize key positions in preparation for subsequent massive assaults via Mexico and Alaska . The middle third of the US has been taken over , but American counterattacks have halted Soviet progress and the lines have stabilized . Concerned about nuclear fallout , both sides refrain from the further use of nuclear weapons . Tanner then assists the Wolverines in organizing raids against the Soviets . Soon after , in a visit to the front line , Tanner and Aardvark are killed in a battle between a US and two Soviet tanks . As a result of the escalating attacks , Soviet commanders now view the Wolverines as a serious threat . Using threats of torture , KGB officers force Daryl to swallow a tracking device , then release him to rejoin the guerrillas . Spetsnaz are sent into the mountains following these signals , but are ambushed and killed by the Wolverines . The group discovers that their pursuers are carrying portable radio triangulation equipment and trace the source of the signal to their friend . Daryl confesses and pleads for mercy but is coldly executed by Robert after Jed executes a Soviet soldier captured during the battle . The Wolverines ' morale erodes as the war of attrition takes its toll . The remaining members are ambushed by three helicopter gunships after being baited by a truck dropping supplies on the road , and Robert and Toni are killed , leaving the group reduced to four . Determined to save at least some of their number , Jed and Matt attack the Soviet headquarters in Calumet to distract the troops while Danny and Erica escape to liberated territory . The plan works as Danny and Erica escape , while Jed and Matt are wounded . Though Colonel Bella encounters the brothers , he can not bring himself to kill them and lets them go . Still , it is implied that the brothers die in the park where the two spent time as kids . The film 's epilogue is narrated by Erica and suggests that the United States repelled the invasion some time later . A plaque is displayed with " Partisan Rock " in the background , which has been a recurring motif throughout the film as each dead comrade 's name has been inscribed upon it . The plaque reads : ... In the early days of World War III , guerrillas - mostly children - placed the names of their lost upon this rock . They fought here alone and gave up their lives , so that this nation shall not perish from the earth .
Army neutral Douglas ; Leech negative Douglas ; Sadok negative Hassan ; Leech neutral Sadok ; Hassan negative Assine ; Hassan negative Douglas ; Army neutral Blore <$> { { plot } } In North Africa in World War II , Captain Douglas is a BP employee seconded to the Royal Engineers to oversee handling incoming fuel supplies for the British 8th Army . A Popski 's Private Army - style colonel is told he must have a regular officer to lead one of his units on a dangerous mission to destroy an Afrika Korps fuel depot . Douglas is chosen despite protesting that he is only a port contractor . Douglas 's C.O. dismisses his pleas noting that he is wearing a British Army officer 's uniform and therefore can not disobey the order . So Douglas departs on what first seems like a fantasy adventure when he is taken to a Senussi cafe , which is a front for Masters HQ , there Douglas bumps into Cyril Leech . Leech , a convicted criminal rescued from prison by Masters to lead his unit 's sabotage missions , directs Douglas to Masters office . Next day , after being briefed and outfitted in Italian uniforms , Douglas , with the unwilling Leech , leads the unit out into the desert disguised as an Italian Army patrol . The unit is made up from convicted criminals that have been released to Masters ' command , these include Greek narcotics smuggler Kafkarides , Cypriot smuggler Kostas Manou , Tunisian terrorist Sadok , rapist Boudesh and two simple - minded Senussi tribesmen Hassan and Assine . The group comes to a cliffside . Leech suggests going back , but Douglas wants to tow the vehicles up the cliff in order to avoid an incoming German patrol . The first two vehicles make it up , but Leech refuses to unload the third one ; the cable snaps and the truck and its supplies are lost . The group is unaware that Brigadier Blore had sent out a second , larger group of regular servicemen , and that the mercenaries are merely a decoy to flush out German defenses so that the larger group could accomplish the mission and get all the glory . While the mercenaries are at the top of the cliff , the " official " group encounters a German patrol at the bottom . Leech keeps Douglas from helping the regulars , who get massacred by the Germans ; Leech justifies this by saying that to survive you " watch , listen , and say nothing " . The mercenaries encounter a sandstorm and rocky terrain ; they 've changed their tires eight times and are out of spares . They come across an abandoned battleground with a destroyed vehicle , and decide to take the tires off it and use them on their own vehicles . Douglas is about to pick up a jack to remove the vehicle 's tires , but Leech warns him that it may be wired to a bomb . He calls Sadok over , who finds that it is indeed wired and begins to neutralize it . However , Assine and Hassan are looting the corpses ; Hassan sets off a bomb and gets badly injured . The group gets their tires and drive off . As they continue their journey , Assine tells them to stop because Hassan will die if they continue . Douglas points out that there is a German supply road 20 miles ahead , and they continue toward it . When they reach the supply road , Sadok pretends to be injured , stopping a Red Cross vehicle . When two unarmed medics get out of the truck , Douglas shoots them , and he and Leech get into the front , and Sadok climbs into the trailer . Leech and Douglas hear shouting in the trailer , and when Douglas checks it out he says " it 's only a nurse " . Leech and Douglas drive the truck to the rest of the group . When they open the rear of the truck , Sadok and a German nurse are fighting . Leech knocks her down and prepares to kill her when Douglas tells him that she could give Hassan much - needed medical assistance . As the nurse is seeing to Hassan , three of the mercenaries try to rape her ; however , Hassan saves her by shooting one of them in the rear with his pistol . Leech and Douglas hear the gunshot and run over , only to see the nurse dressing the bullet wound on her would - be rapist 's buttocks . The group finally reaches the fuel depot . Having bound and gagged the nurse to a bunk in the truck next to Hassan , they adventure out to destroy the depot . However , they find that the depot was actually a decoy set up by the Germans . The mercenaries gather in a " barracks " and Leech tells them that the mission is done . Douglas , however , wants to find the real depot , but the rest of the mercenaries refuse to go along with him so he reluctantly leaves with him . Back at the Army outpost , Blore shows Masters area photographs that show that the fuel depot was not destroyed , and that that is exactly what they wanted , as the British Army is advancing through the desert and wants the depots for their own use . Unable to contact the mercenaries , Masters and Blore leak their mission to the Germans . In a German - controlled port city , Leech tells Douglas that the only reason he is still alive is because Masters promised him £ 2,000 to bring him back alive . The two find that the real fuel depot is in the city , and decide to destroy it as a diversion so they can steal a boat . The mercenaries , dressed as German soldiers , sneak into the depot . However , Blore and Masters leak their plan to the Germans , and the Germans become aware of the mercenaries . While they are able to cause a lot of chaos with their explosives , all of them except Douglas and Leech get gunned down . While this is going on , the nurse , still tied to a bed in the truck with Hassan , tries to communicate with Hassan through her gag . Suddenly , Hassan coughs up blood , screams " Assine ! " , and shoots the nurse in the stomach with his pistol . Both the nurse and Hassan presumably die shortly after . Leech and Douglas , the only two surviving members of the party , and hiding in a building when British tanks and infantry crash through the walls of the city . Still disguised as German soldiers , they improvise a white flag and walk into the street with their arms up , only to both be shot to death by a trigger - happy British soldier who " did n't see the white flag " .
Nedungadi positive Madhavanunni ; Madhavanunni negative his <$> Arakkal Kuttikrishnan Nair looses the civil case against Arackal Madhavanunni , his nephew , and has to give up the ancestral home , which he has been holding illegally for past long years . Patteri Shivaraman Nair ( [ [ Saikumar , son of Kuttikrishnan Nair , takes it as a presitige issue and decides to finish out Madhavanunni , with the help of Nedungadi , his trusted lieutenant . Sivaraman Nair has a deep hatred and enmity towards Madhavanuni since childhood and both had involved in several fist fights from then . Nedungadi sends Varoli Abu to shoot down either Madhavanunni or one among his brothers on their arrival at the house . But the timely intervention of Madhavanunni saves all . Madhavanunni is a self made rich businessman , who owns several properties inside and outside Kerala . After the suicide of his parents , he alone had taken care of his younger brothers Raghu ( [ [ Siddique , Dasan , Appu and Shankaran Kutty , who all love and respect him than anything on this world . Ramankutty Kaimal ( [ [ Innocent , their well wisher and old care taker of their property also enjoys a good relationship with Madhavanunni . Appu , at his college , is harassed by the son of Mambaram Bava Haji . With the help of Kattipalli Pappan , a criminal , he thrashes him out , but dies accidentally . Appu gets arrested for the murder , but is released on bail . Kattipalli Pappan is arrested for the murder , who while going to jail requests Madhavanuni to take care of his sister Lakshmi , which Madhavanuni accepts . Madhavanunni brings Lakshmi to his home and is treated as a member of their family . Mayambaram Bawa Haji is now looking for a chance to avenge Madhavanunni for his son 's death . Patteri Sivaraman lends a helping hand to Bawa Haji . One day Lakshmi is found dead at the pond and again Appu is arrested for it . Upon release from jail , Pappan is back to kill Appu for murdering his sister . But he later comes to know that it is not Appu , but Patteri Shivaraman , behind the crime to frame Appu . The rest of the story is how Madhavanunni saves Appu from jail and revenges back at Shivaraman once and for all .
Belkin negative Kovak ; Kovak positive Monahan ; Kovak positive Anna ; Graham negative Kovak ; Kovak negative Madison ; Kovak negative Milano ; Belkin negative Anna ; Belkin negative Milano <$> The film begins with a shot at a loading dock in Cleveland , Ohio in 1937 . The supervisor is Mr. Gant , who welcomes a new worker , Lincoln Dombrowsky . Gant tells him the job requirements and pay rules . He 'll be paid for working 8 hours and if he has to work overtime , he still gets paid only for 8 hours . If he drops any of the merchandise , the cost comes directly out of his pay . These are examples of unfair working practices faced by the laborers . Later Dombrowsky drops a few carts of tomatoes , which is taken out of his pay ; another worker is fired for helping him pick it up . Johnny Kovak , another worker resentful of mistreatment , leads a riot . Afterward , the workers go to the office of Boss Andrews . Kovak believes he negotiates a deal for the workers , but the next day he and his friend Abe Belkin are told they are fired . While commiserating in bars , Kovak and Belkin are approached by Mike Monahan , who saw Kovak 's leadership . He offers them positions in the Federation of Interstate Truckers . They will be paid according to how many members they can recruit , and they reluctantly join . Given a car for recruiting , Kovak tries to meet a woman , Anna Zarinka . They begin to see each other . At the same time , he starts to gain some members , which attracts attention from business owners . They offer him a deal to join them and be a voice in helping bring more workers to trucking . After rejecting the offer , Kovak is physically attacked . He continues to work on union recruiting . Another leader of F.I.S.T. , Max Graham , is known by many workers as a hothead . He and Kovak compete for superiority . Soon Monahan , Kovak and Abe begin working to get the F.I.S.T. members at Consolidated Trucking covered by a labor agreement . When management refuses to deal with them , the F.I.S.T. workers strike . They set up camp outside Consolidated Trucking 's gates , but are pushed out by strikebreakers and hired security . Monahan tries to ram the gates in a truck , but is shot and killed . At his funeral , Kovak decides to " get some muscle " and accepts help from Vince Doyle ( [ [ Kevin Conway , a local gangster . Doyle 's men attack trucks trying to make deliveries . Local mobsters and the members of F.I.S.T. join forces to storm the gates of Consolidated Trucking . In the end the President of Consolidated Trucking signs a labor agreement . After the strike , Kovak and Abe travel throughout the Midwest to recruit more workers . Kovak becomes wealthier and marries Anna . A new crime figure , Babe Milano , comes on the scene and wants some piece of the action . Kovak meets Milano with Doyle and , although reluctant to involve him in his business , decides it will be best for now . Twenty years later , F.I.S.T. has become a large and important union , with about two million members and a fancy headquarters . When Kovak visits Max Graham at the headquarters , he is displeased to see how luxurious the building and Graham 's offices are . Located on the west coast , Belkin is still important in the union . As Kovak visits with Belkin , the latter tells him that Graham has made money unethically off the union . In his investigation , Kovak finds that Graham used his influence to steer union businesses and funds to shell companies owned by him or his wife . The violent ways of the union are shown by a physical assault against the wife of a trucking company owner who resisted union organizing of his workers . At the F.I.S.T. convention , a new union president is to be elected , with Graham a strong favorite . At a private meeting , Kovak tells Belkin of Graham 's criminal deeds . Belkin encourages turning the man in to the authorities . Disagreeing , Kovak is worried about the effects of a scandal on the union , which he wants to protect . Meeting with Graham , Kovak confronts him and suggests he quit his run for union president to support Kovak . Elected president of F.I.S.T. , Kovak is investigated by Senator Madison , who suspects the labor leader of ties with the Mafia . When Belkin visits Kovak again , he urges the president to cut off Milano and make the union " clean again " . Kovak ignores his request . Doyle later tells Kovak that Belkin will testify against him , Milano and everyone else , but Kovak insists that Abe be protected . Called in to testify in a hearing led by Senator Madison , Kovak is told that Abe Belkin has been killed and the senator believes Kovak is responsible . Shocked , Kovak has an emotional outburst and storms out of the hearing . That night when he returns home , he finds Anna and his children are missing . He gets his pistol but is shot and killed in the house by Milano 's men . They feared that Kovak would cut the mob out and testify against Milano . The movie ends with a shot of a bumper sticker on a truck , which reads , " Where 's Johnny ? "
Karl positive she <$> Karl Guenther is a conscientious landlord who looks out for his young and attractive tenants . Jessica , the rising young soap opera star , Harriet , a sensuous and vivacious secretary , Sophie , an accomplished pianist who enjoys wild affairs with her boyfriend , and Lori , a young college student who has just moved in a recently " vacated " apartment : all live in Karl 's well kept apartments . The only discord is the " tap , tap , tap " sound at night from the crawlspace above their rooms . Karl tells them it 's only rats , but in reality it is Karl spying on them . One by one , the tenants , become his victims ... each one put to a gruesome test . Only Lori remains alive to disclose the diabolical Karl and she enters the crawlspace — she is alone with a madman capable of anything .
her negative Tim ; Mike neutral her ; Bob positive her ; Mike negative Donny ; Tim negative Roger ; Mike negative Tim ; Cowboy negative Mike ; Mike neutral Roger <$> Eighteen - year - old Tim Pearson , a soon - to - be graduate of Grandview High School , wants to go to Florida to study oceanography . Tim 's father , Roger Pearson , loans Tim his brand new Cadillac to go to the Prom with his date Bonnie Clark . Later , while parked near a stream , Tim and Bonnie are making out in the Cadillac , when they feel the car moving , only to discover that the car is falling into the stream . Tim and Bonnie walk to " Cody 's Speedway " to get a tow truck , Bonnie calls her father , who is so angry about the accident that he punches Tim . Mechanic Michelle " Mike " Cody comes to Tim 's defense , and has Ernie " Slam " Webster , a local demolition derby driver , tow the car , taking Tim along . Slam stops at the bowling alley to see if his wife Candy had been there , but she was n't . The next morning , Tim goes to see his father at his office . He talks to Tim and hints to him that he does not want Tim to drive his car again . Tim runs into Mike and thanks her for helping him with the car . Tim goes out to the Speedway , where he meets Mike 's mentally challenged brother , Cowboy . Later on that night , Mike goes to the bar to see her uncle , Bob Cody , and asks if she can borrow $ 10,000 , so she can fix up the Speedway . Bob does n't have that kind of money , but wants to help her . Just then , they both hear a drunken Slam beating on a video game . Mike and Bob help Slam out to her truck . Mike and Slam talk about old times they had together . Slam is at work the next morning , hungover , but his boss tells him to go home . Slam gets home and sees his wife Candy with another man , Donny . Enraged , he jumps on the lover 's car demanding that Candy come back to him ; in the ensuing struggle , Donny accidentally shoots himself in the foot . At the hospital , Candy declines to press charges , but refuses to come home with him . That night , Mike sees Slam sleeping in his truck . Mike tries to comfort him , believing that he does not really love Candy , and is simply afraid of being alone . Later that day , Slam comes back and asks Mike if she wants to go out for dinner , but she tells him has to go to a County Commission meeting . Tim and his dad go the same meeting , and Tim tells Roger that he wants to go to Florida ; Roger is not too happy with his decision . At the Town Hall , Roger asks Tim to go to his office and get his rolaids . In the office , Tim sees plans for the Speedway renovation on his dad 's desk . At the meeting , Mike asks the commission for more time to come up with the money to fix up the Speedway , but the commission wo n't give it to her . Tim comes in and reveals what they have planned . He then gets into an argument with his father and leaves . He runs into Mike , who thanks him for saving her place . They both go for a hamburger at the local restaurant , and Mike invites Tim to her house , where they spend the night together . Mike asks Tim if he still wants to drive in the Derby , she gives him a car to drive . In the morning , Slam shows up at the door and discovers them in bed together ; he leaves , upset . Later on that day , Roger sees Tim near the stream , and says he is sorry about the fight . He asks Tim to give Illinois State University a chance , but Tim wants to go to Florida . At the Speedway , Mike sells her old cars to make extra money ; this upses Cowboy , who runs off crying . Slam goes to his house and sees his stuff on the lawn . Donny stands by the door and taunts Slam , telling him he called the cops . Slam gets his things and leaves . Later that night , the Demolition Derby is going on , and Tim is in the race , competing against Slam . At the race 's climax , Slam crashes into Tim . Mike is mad cause she thinks Slam did it on purpose , and tells him to leave the track . Later that night , Candy and Donny are having sex in Slam 's house when , suddenly , Slam appears on a bulldozer and knocks the walls down . The cops arrest Slam . As Tim and Mike drive home from the hospital , they see firetrucks passing by , and discover that the Speedway has burned down . Mike asks her mother what had happened , and she says it just started up . In the morning , however , the police discover that the gas tank was unlocked . It is eventually revealed that Cowboy started the fire because Mike sold the old cars . Tim and Mike talk , and she admits she is in love with Slam . Mike goes to bail Slam out from jail . He offers to help fix the Speedway , but Mike says she will sell the land to Roger Pearson ; that way , they can afford to start a life together . Mike asks Slam for a favor . Tim is on his way to Chicago , with his family in tow to say goodbye . The bus leaves and a car is driving by the side of the bus ; it is Slam , who gives Tim the old car and money for his trip to Florida .
Pete neutral Mickey ; Pete positive Minnie ; Minnie positive Mickey <$> The barn dance of the title is the occasion which brings together Minnie Mouse and her two suitors : Mickey and Peg - Leg Pete . The latter two and their vehicles are first seen arriving at Minnie 's house in an attempt to pick her up for the dance . Mickey turns up in his horse - cart while Pete in a newly purchased automobile . Minnie initially chooses Pete to drive her to the dance but the automobile unexpectedly breaks down . She resorts to accepting Mickey 's invitation . They are later seen dancing together , but Mickey proves to be a rather clumsy dancer as he repeatedly steps on Minnie 's feet . She consequently turns down his invitation for a second dance . She instead accepts that of Pete , who proves to be a better dancing partner . Mickey then attempts to solve his problem by placing a balloon in his shorts . That apparently helps him to be " light on his feet " and he proceeds to ask Minnie for another dance . She accepts and is surprised to find his dancing skills to have apparently improved . Pete soon discovers Mickey 's trick and points it out to Minnie . Minnie is visibly disgusted by this attempt at deception . As a result , she leaves Mickey and resumes dancing with Pete , leaving Mickey crying on the floor . This short is notable for featuring Mickey turned down by Minnie in favor of Pete . It is also an unusual appearance of the Pete character ; previously depicted as a menacing villain , he is portrayed here as a well - mannered gentleman . In addition , Mickey was not depicted as a hero but as a rather ineffective young suitor . In his sadness and crying over his failure , Mickey appears unusually emotional and vulnerable .
Fox positive Felicity ; Fox negative Kristofferson ; Ash positive Kristofferson ; Fox neutral Ash <$> While raiding a squab farm , Mr. Fox and his wife Felicity trigger a fox trap and become caged . Felicity reveals to Fox that she is pregnant and pleads with him to find a safer job when they escape . Two years later , the Foxes and their sullen son Ash , are living in a hole . Fox , now a newspaper columnist , moves the family into a better home in the base of a tree , ignoring the warnings of his lawyer Badger about how dangerous the area is for foxes . The tree is located very close to facilities run by three mean farmers - Walter Boggis , Nathan Bunce , and Franklin Bean . Soon after the Foxes move in , Fox 's nephew Kristofferson comes to live with them , as his father has become very ill with double pneumonia . Ash finds this situation intolerable ; his soft - spoken cousin is apparently superior to him at sports , and everyone , including his father , Mr Fox , is charmed by Kristofferson at Ash 's expense . Fox and the opossum who works as a building superintendent , Kylie Sven Opposum , steal produce and poultry from the three farms . The farmers decide to kill Fox and camp out near the family 's tree . When he emerges the farmers open fire , but only manage to shoot off his tail . They then attempt to dig Fox out . After demolishing the site of the tree , the farmers discover the Foxes have dug an escape tunnel . Reasoning that the Foxes will have to surface for food and water , the farmers lie in wait at the tunnel mouth . Underground , Fox encounters Badger and many other local animal residents whose homes have also been destroyed . As the animals begin fearing starvation , Fox leads a digging expedition to tunnel to the three farms , robbing them clean . While the other animals feast , Ash and Kristofferson , beginning to reconcile after Kristofferson defended Ash from a bully , return to Bean 's farm , intending to reclaim Mr Fox 's tail . When they are interrupted by the arrival of Bean 's wife , Ash escapes but Kristofferson is captured . Discovering that Fox has stolen their produce , the farmers flood the animals ' tunnel network with cider . The animals are forced into the sewers , and Fox learns that the farmers plan to use Kristofferson to lure him into an ambush . The animals are confronted by Rat , Bean 's security guard . After a struggle with Fox leaves him mortally wounded , Rat divulges Kristofferson 's location before he dies . Fox asks the farmers for a meeting in town near the sewer hub ; he will surrender in exchange for Kristofferson 's freedom . The farmers set up an ambush , but Fox and the others anticipate it and launch a counterattack . Fox , Ash and Kylie slip into Bean ’s farm . A much - matured Ash frees Kristofferson and braves enemy fire to release a rabid beagle to keep the farmers at bay . The animals become accustomed to living in the sewers with others considering moving in . Ash and Kristofferson settle their differences and become good friends . Fox leads his family to a drain opening built into the floor of a supermarket owned by the three farmers . Celebrating their new food source and the news that Felicity is pregnant again , the animals dance in the aisles .
Socrates positive Billy ; Ted neutral Bill <$> In 2688 , humanity exists as a utopian society due to the inspiration of the music and wisdom of the Two Great Ones : Bill S. Preston , Esq . and " Ted " Theodore Logan . Rufus is tasked by the leaders to travel back to San Dimas , California of 1988 using a time machine shaped like a phone booth to ensure that the Bill and Ted , then dim - witted high school students , successfully pass a history class . Should they fail , Ted 's father , police captain Logan , plans to ship Ted to a military academy in Alaska , ending Bill & Ted 's fledgling band , the " Wyld Stallyns " , and altering the future . Rufus finds the two teenagers struggling to finish their history paper , which tasks them to describe how three historical figures would view San Dimas of the present , trying to obtain help from customers at a local Circle K convenience store . Rufus initially has difficulty convincing the two of his help when a copy of the phone booth time machine arrives , and versions of Bill and Ted from some hours in the future step out . They are able to convince their earlier selves that Rufus can be trusted by correctly guessing the number the two were thinking of , sixty - nine . The future Bill and Ted briefly discuss their situation with Rufus before disappearing . Rufus offers the pair a demonstration of the time machine , taking them back to 1805 where they find Napoleon Bonaparte leading his forces against Austria . As Rufus , Bill and Ted depart back to the present , Napoleon is thrown by a cannonball explosion into their wake , and is dragged through the time circuits to the present . Rufus takes a moment to explain that time will continue to progress normally for Bill and Ted and they can not miss their class presentation the next day , and then departs , leaving the empty time machine for the two . As Bill and Ted discuss where to go next , they discover Napoleon stuck in a nearby tree . This gives them the idea of kidnapping historical figures as to bring them to the present to complete their report . They leave Napoleon with Ted 's younger brother Deacon before travelling . The two are able to successfully befriend Billy the Kid from 1879 and Socrates from 410 B.C. ( whom they refer to as " So - crates " , before stopping in 15th century England , where they become infatuated with Princesses Elizabeth and Joanna . This leads to them getting in trouble with their father the King , but Billy and Socrates rescue the pair , and they escape , though the booth is partially damaged on their departure . They end up in the far future , discovering the society based on their influence , and are inspired to complete their report with " extra credit " by kidnapping additional historical figures : Sigmund Freud from 1901 , Ludwig van Beethoven 1809 , Genghis Khan from 1209 , Joan of Arc from 1429 , and Abraham Lincoln from 1863 . After a brief stop in prehistoric times to repair the booth , Bill and Ted program the machine to return to the present , but end up outside the Circle K on the night before , where Rufus was introducing himself to them . Bill and Ted convince their earlier selves of Rufus ' trustworthiness , and then are reminded by Rufus of how to get to the next day . When they arrive , Ted learns that Deacon had ditched Napoleon . They leave the other historical figures at the local mall to learn about San Dimas while they seek out Napoleon at a local water park , " Waterloo . " While gone , the historical figures get into trouble and are arrested by Captain Logan . Bill and Ted execute an escape plan based on using the time machine in the future to set up what they need now . With all their historical figures recollected , the two give their presentation to the school , which is a rousing success , allowing them to pass the course and the two sends the historical figures back to their own time periods . Some time later , Rufus returns to Bill and Ted , presenting them with the two princesses before they were committed to a pre-arranged marriage , noting that the two women will also be part of Wyld Stallyns . Rufus asks to join the group as they play , but upon hearing their cacophony of music , admits to the audience that " they do get better " .
Strähl negative his ; Strähl neutral Caro ; Caro neutral Beko <$> Lonesome and medicament addict narcotics detective Herbert Strähl , who hardly can handle his own life , wants to clean up the Langstrasse - area . Strähl often watches Berisha , the head of a drug trafficking ring , leaving his limousine and entering a dubious building , but he is n’t able to arrest him , due to the lacking of an evidence . Strähl , who hides his depression and craving for love behind rage , clamor and stimulant drugs , has arguments with his chief Brunner and with his co-workers , e.g. with Ruedi Lautenschlager , who is rather dull and often visits brothels . When Beat , a former member of the Seepolizei , joins the team , Strähl thinks , the new blood was too calm and not tough enough . During a house search , a junkie named René Wehrli falls out of the window . Strähl gets suspended from police service . Moreover , René and his girlfiriend Carol “ Caro ” Hertig blackmail Strähl for smart money . The drug addict couple buys a lot of articles in a kiosk , and Strähl has to pay for them ( René also fills out a “ Toto ” - ticket . Despite that , René does n’t want to take back his inculpatory statement – René demands a huge amount of heroin from Strähl . Strähl catches the dealer Beko , who is related to Berisha ’s drug mafia , and presses him to cooperate . Beko shows a lot of hidden drugs to Strähl . Strähl uses a part of the drug depot 's heroine to satisfy René . René , Caro and Strähl drive to the police station , where René wants to deny his statements to Strähl , while the others wait in the car . René stays in for a long time , and Strähl gets curious about what happened in the building . He goes in , too – and finds René dead in the restrooms . Strähl and Caro smoke drugs on a foil at Strähl ’s . Suddenly , the police enter the flat and find the heroin . The delinquents are escorted away in a car , but Strähl manages to open Caro ’s door to let her escape . Before René entered the police station he had given a roll of Smarties to Caro . It contained a 120 ' 000 CHF winning “ Toto ” - ticket . Caro , on the run , now wants to encash the ticket as fast as possible . But the kiosk - woman is n’t allowed to pay out such a high amount of cash . So Caro asks Beko , if he knew someone , who could exchange the ticket against cash within an hour . The mafia agrees and the parties meet at a small park . The situation escalates and Caro throws a handgrenade . The grenade does n’t go off . Finally Strähl succeeds in arresting Berisha , thanks to a hint by new blood Beat – hiding a serious amount of confiscated drugs in Berisha ’s trunk .
Sethu negative Ranjani ; Malini positive Sethu ; Malini positive Chellapa ; Sethu negative Chellapa <$> The plot opens with Sethu and Ranjani ( [ [ Rekha arriving at a cliff where they plan to commit suicide due to the pressure put up by Ranjani 's parents against their marriage . Sethu who is the son of an ordinary drunkard cook and is also a dancer is not accepted as groom for Ranjani by her parents . The parents threaten Ranjani that either they would kill Sethu or commit suicide . While jumping from the cliff Sethu accidentally gets trapped in a tree and escapes but Ranjani dies . Despite the attempts made by Ranjani 's father to jail Sethu by framing a fault case that Sethu killed Ranjani , no strong evidence was there to prove it . He is jailed for the offence of attempted suicide for one year . After a year , he is released from jail . Padmini who owns a dance school provides him a job of dance master as he is the former student . Sethu visits regularly the cliff as a remembrance of his love . On his way he sees a girl who attempts suicide for silly reason of failure in examination and he stops her from it . He again meets the girl in a gallery . The girl introduces herself to him as Malini but he ignores her . Malini again meets Sethu at a tourist spot where she clicks photos without his knowledge but Sethu finds out and damages her camera . Malini chases him to his dance school as his student . Sethu repeatedly insults her but Malini develops a love for Sethu . Malini coincidentally meets Chaplin Chellapa , uncle of Sethu who dressed himself like Charlie Chaplin and makes people laugh . She comes to know about Sethu 's failed love from him , which increases her affection towards Sethu . Chaplin Chellapa helps her to win Sethu 's heart . Malini is actually a Sinhalese girl because of which she faces trouble from her class mate many times and every time rescued by Sethu . Sethu though humiliates her all the time develops a soft corner in his mind . Sethu could realise that he had started to love her but gets confused what to do as he is a failed one . Sethu 's repeated attempts to prevent himself loving Malini fails and he takes a sign of blessing for his new love from Ranjani at the cliff side . He finally confesses his love for her and proposes her . Malini continues to spend time with Chaplin Chellapa as she enjoys his sense of humour . This makes Sethu jealous , so he attempts to mimic Chaplin Chellapa 's mannerisms - but ends up having an accident . Sethu finds that Chaplin Chellapa is a failed lover , who to forget his past has worn a mask of Charlie Chaplin . Sethu and Malini unite Chelapa and Padmini who is a spinster . Sethu again faces pressure from Malini 's father as Malini is of Sinhalese origin and Sethu is a Tamilian . Both of them struggle hard to win in their love . Malini goes to the extent of escaping from Sri Lanka to Tamil Nadu to join with Sethu . After understanding the tight bond of Malini with Sethu , Malini 's father approves their marriage . Ranjani 's father who hears about Sethu 's marriage wants to take " revenge " for his daughter 's death . On the day of Sethu 's engagement , he gives a basket full of apples which has a time bomb in it to Sethu 's father pretending to be his gift for his son . Sethu 's father who does not know about the bomb keeps the basket in Chaplin Chellapa 's car . Sethu and Malini starts to visit Sethu 's love cliff in Chellapa 's car which has the bomb . Sethu 's father and Chellapa who come to know about this , start chasing them to stop but in vain . Tha bomb explodes at the same place where Sethu - Ranjani attempted suicide and Sethu - Malini die in the explosion , leaving Chellapa and Sethu 's father heartbroken . The film ends with Chellapa showering flowers in the place where the three of them died .
Alan positive Cindy ; Alan negative Morgan <$> The story concerns Harvard student Alan Jensen , the point guard of the Harvard basketball team . When his parents ' house is destroyed by a tornado , Alan is desperate for $ 100,000 to replace their home . He is approached by his girlfriend Cindy Bandolino , whose father is an organized crime boss . Cindy convinces Alan to throw the game for the money . She tells Alan that her father is behind the deal , but actually she goes to her father 's associate , Teddy Carter , and Carter 's assistant , Kelly Morgan for funding . What she does not know is that Carter and Morgan are undercover FBI agents . Alan throws the game , gives his parents the money , and then undergoes a psychedelic experience after he ingests a big dose of LSD , 15,000 micrograms . There follows a long stretch of the film during which morphing special effects demonstrate Alan 's altered state as he is pursued by Carter , while Cindy is collared by Morgan . Just when it looks like a toss - up as to what will prove his downfall first , the bad trip , the FBI , or the mob , Alan 's other girlfriend , Chesney Cort , saves the day . Not only does she get Alan to a doctor who can bring him back to sobriety , she reveals that she is in a sexual threesome with Carter and Morgan . Once he gets some photographic evidence for blackmail , Alan is extricated from his problems .
Harry negative Anya ; Harry negative Leo ; Leo neutral Anya ; Anya neutral Stok <$> Harry Palmer , who has left MI - 5 to work as a private investigator , is told by a mechanical voice on the phone to take a package to Helsinki . The package contains six virus - laden eggs that have been stolen from the British government 's research facility at Porton Down . In Helsinki , he is met by Anya who takes him to meet her handler , Harry 's old friend Leo Newbigen . Leo is in love with Anya , but Harry knows that she is only pretending to reciprocate . Leo takes Harry to a secret room where a computer issues daily instructions to Leo and Anya . The computer speaks in the same voice as the one which summoned Harry to Helsinki . After determining that he can not trust either Leo or Anya , he is captured by his former MI - 5 superior , who coerces him into working once more for the British government in pursuing the conspiracy . Harry is ordered to Russia where he embeds with some rebels to obtain intelligence for Leo 's operation . After being captured and left for dead , he is extracted from Russia by Colonel Stok , an old contact from the Red Army . Back in Helsinki , Anya tries to kill Harry while she seduces him . She confesses that the computer told her to kill Harry . Harry locks her in a room and waits for Leo at the computer 's location . Leo offers to pay off Harry for his trouble , but Harry insists on getting half of the money Leo is getting from whatever the conspiracy is all about . The pair go to Texas where Harry meets oil tycoon ' General ' Midwinter . The General proudly displays his billion - dollar ' brain ' , which is a room full of computers that dispenses orders to his agents all over the world . The General is in the midst of planning a rebellion in Latvia , which he thinks will trigger the fall of the Soviet Union . His plan is to infect the Red Army with the viruses , while using his Latvian agents to begin a rebellion as his own private army invades . Meanwhile , Leo subverts the General 's computer orders and escapes with the eggs . The General realizes that Harry is a double agent , but he sends Harry after Leo regardless . Back in Helsinki , Leo and Anya board a train for Russia with the eggs , but Harry intercepts them , escorting Leo off the train with the eggs . Anya shoots Harry 's bodyguards as the train pulls away from the station . Leo runs after the train , and he hands the eggs to Anya . As he tries to pull himself up , Anya pushes him off the train and shrugs as he looks at her in bewilderment . Leo then offers to help Harry stop the General 's insane plan , which could trigger World War III . In personnel carriers made out of oil tanker trucks from his company , the General leads his private army across the frozen Baltic Sea into Latvia . Harry and Leo attempt to catch up with the General , who orders their car to be fired upon . Leo is killed . Meanwhile , Col. Stok is fully aware of the invasion and fires on the convoy , breaking the sea ice . The entire convoy falls into the freezing water , and all the vehicles and soldiers sink below the ice to a cold , watery , Baltic Grave . Harry awakes alone on an ice floe . Col. Stok arrives in a helicopter with Anya and the eggs . He gives the eggs to Harry and confirms that Anya is one of his spies . She bids Harry farewell , and he walks off the frozen sea back to the helicopter , Harry apparently now has a long walk . Back in London , Harry delivers the eggs to his MI - 5 superior , who agrees to reward Harry with a promotion . However , when he opens the package to inspect the eggs , he finds that Harry has replaced them with six baby chickens .
Fitzpatrick positive Vicky <$> A patient being psychoanalyzed by Dr. Bartholomew Snow is a government scientist who evidently has had a mental breakdown . General Pratt , a national security chief , hides the patient , Arthur Vicenti , in a remote place known only as " Base X , " forcing Dr. Snow to wear a blindfold whenever he is taken there . Enemy agents want to know what Vicenti knows , so he is in danger . The patient 's sister , beautiful Vicky Vicenti , mistakenly believes that Dr. Snow is the one who abducted him . When she has the doctor arrested , Snow tells both the authorities and the press that he and Vicky are actually having a lovers ' quarrel and are engaged to be married . A man named Fitzpatrick turns up and claims to Dr. Snow that it is actually General Pratt himself who is the enemy agent . Unable to find the general , Dr. Snow tries to recreate sounds he heard while blindfolded to trace his way back to Base X . He does so , only to find that Fitzpatrick has taken both Vicenti and Pratt captive . But soldiers arrive in airboats and place Fitzpatrick under arrest , leaving Vicky to consider whether she would like her make - believe engagement to Dr. Snow to be real .
Roshida negative Ballu ; Ballu positive Ganga ; Ballu negative Ram <$> Ballu is a gangster who is arrested by Inspector Ram . Ram shows compassion to Ballu while trying to get him to provide information that would lead to capture of Ballu 's boss and mentor Roshida . Ballu does not speak , and he promises to escape from the jail . Ballu escapes from jail while Ram is visiting his girlfriend Ganga who is also a police officer . When news of this breaks out , Ram 's reputation is in tatters as the media portrays Ram as an officer who has neglected his duty . Ganga , in an attempt to restore Ram 's reputation , secretly goes undercover as a street - girl . Ganga realises that Ballu is a good - hearted person who turned to crime due to poverty and circumstances . Ganga tries to rehabilitate Ballu while on the run . Meanwhile Ballu begins to fall in love with Ganga . He becomes enraged when he finds out she does n't love him and is a police officer . Ganga continues to help Ballu as she has seen the good in him and tries to prove that she is truly trying to help him . Meanwhile Ram approaches Ballu 's mother for help and realises that Ballu is in fact his childhood friend . Ballu 's mother / Ballu then tell Ram / Ganga the story of how Rosida used their poverty to corrupt Ballu . Roshida killed Ballu 's sister , blaming the police . Ballu kills the officer he believes to be behind this and from then on spirals into a life of crime . Ganga , afraid that police will kill Ballu , stops the police from shooting him , allowing him to escape . She is hence arrested for aiding a criminal and is accused of being in a relationship with Ballu this destroying her police and personal reputation . Ballu 's mother finds Ballu , however she is followed by Ram . In the following confrontation Ballu 's mother takes Ram 's side trying to convince Ballu to give himself up . Ballu seeing Ganga 's picture in Ram 's wallet realises that this is who she loves . Ballu manages to escape to Roshida 's base where Roshida promises to help Ballu escape but betrays him and attempts to kill him and his mother . The police , led by Ram attack Roshida 's lair . In the ensuing conflict Ballu finds out that Roshida killed his sister . Ram kills Roshida and Ballu escapes . Following Roshida 's death Ballu installs himself as the new boss - but his girlfriend informs him that Ganga is about to go on trial for aiding him . Having a change of heart , Ballu appears to attack the court but then surrenders himself and swears that Ganga is innocent , thereby restoring her reputation and reconciling her and Ram .
David negative Ellen ; Retzliff negative Ellen <$> Ellen appears to have a happy marriage to David , although his frequent work - related absences are beginning to take a toll on her . While taking night school classes with her neighbor and best friend , Marge Bracken , she is introduced to Larry Retzliff . Ellen and Marge accept a ride home from Retzliff the same night while David is away . Once Ellen is in her apartment , Retzliff arrives claiming car trouble and asks to use the phone . When Ellen lets him in , he overpowers and rapes her . Unable to reach David by phone , and emotionally unable to report the crime , Ellen decides to put the attack behind her , and tries through three showers to literally wash away the rape . When David returns , she is still unable to get his attention long enough to tell him about the attack . Having had an anonymous blood test , Ellen makes a serious effort to forget the attack and resume her life . This attempt comes to a crashing halt four days after the initial attack in a parking garage when Retzliff , who has been waiting for Ellen behind the front seat of her car , rapes her again , this time beating her viciously . After reporting the attack , the treatment that Ellen receives from the police , doctors , and detectives is anything but sympathetic . While her attorney , Leonard Alexander , appears to have her best interests at heart , he clearly has his reservations : he is once heard commenting " Never try a rape case unless your victim is a 90 - year - old nun with at least four stab wounds . " Defending Retzliff is ruthless attorney Muriel Dyer , who bullies witnesses and Ellen herself on the stand , ultimately winning Retzliff an acquittal . Some time after the trial , he attempts to rape someone else . While trying to escape from the police , he is shot and wounded , and ends up pleading guilty to the rape and sentenced to prison . Ellen and David 's marriage is strained by the events of the film , and they ultimately get a divorce .
Patsy positive Emma ; Emma positive Janice ; Emma positive Garrett ; Emma positive Flap ; Emma neutral Melanie <$> Aurora and Emma Greenway Horton are mother and daughter , both searching for deep romantic love . Beginning with Emma 's early childhood , Aurora reveals how difficult and caring she can be by nearly climbing into Emma 's crib in order to make sure her daughter is breathing — only to be reassured once Emma starts crying . The two have an extremely close love - hate mother / daughter relationship as Emma grows up . The film follows both women across several years as each find their reasons for going on living and finding joy . Emma gets married immediately upon graduating High School in the Houston area , while her best friend Patsy continues on to college , eventually becoming successful and rich in New York City . Emma has two children that she and her husband , college professor Flap Horton , struggle to support in Des Moines , Iowa , and she later telephones her mother and asks for money when she is pregnant with her third child . Aurora , not knowing by the telephone call that Emma is already several months pregnant , wants Emma to get an abortion . Emma 's once - passionate marriage to Flap becomes strained , thanks mostly to his philandering , and she finds a lover in small - town , older banker Sam Burns , with whom she eventually has a romantic love affair as well . At the same time , Aurora cultivates the attention of several gentlemen in the area , some rather bizarre , but is attracted to her next door neighbor of fifteen years , the philandering , retired astronaut Garrett Breedlove . Garrett has been drinking heavily for years and partied with very young women at his home . Aurora and Garrett eventually go on a lunch date , make love and develop a tenuous relationship . One scene shows them speeding in his open Corvette convertible along a quiet beach as he recklessly sits on top of the car and steers with his foot . Emma returns to her mother 's home in Houston after discovering her husband is having an affair with a young grad student named Janice , who attends the same college where Flap teaches . However , Emma 's appearance along with her three children spooks Garrett , who has been single for a long time . After re-assessing his relationship with Aurora , Garrett breaks up with her , greatly upsetting Aurora . While Emma is in Houston , Flap telephones her and she reluctantly returns home to Iowa , attempting reconciliation with him . Both accept that they have each made mistakes . Emma ends the relationship with Sam after Flap accepts a new teaching position in Kearney , Nebraska . Although she does not want to , Emma agrees to relocate to further Flap 's career . However , Emma soon discovers that Janice is attending the same college where Flap now works , realizing that Flap followed her to Nebraska . With her daughter in a stroller , Emma confronts Janice before taking her daughter to the doctor 's office so both can get flu shots . While administering the injection , Emma 's doctor notices two large lumps under her armpit . Although Emma is only in her 30s , the doctor orders a biopsy and discovers she has a " malignancy . " Emma 's childhood friend Patsy invites her to New York City for her first vacation without her children . However , after arriving , Emma feels out - of - place amongst Patsy 's friends and returns home early to begin treatment for her illness . Later , her doctor informs her that the drugs she was taking did not " have the desired effect , " and that she will not survive her illness . Flap and Aurora remain by her bedside in the hospital for weeks . Although devastated and exhausted , Aurora is still very supportive and loving towards Emma . Garrett flies to Lincoln , Nebraska and surprises Aurora , and the two proclaim their love for each other . After a discussion in the hospital cafeteria between Aurora and Flap , in which Aurora tells him he does n't have the energy for a job , chasing women , and managing a family , Aurora tells Flap she will raise his and Emma 's children in Houston . Although Patsy , who has no children of her own , wants to adopt Melanie , Flap and Emma do not want their children to be separated . Emma , not wanting Janice to raise her children and Flap , feeling like a failure as both a father and a husband , agree that living with Aurora is best for their children . As Emma 's time begins to run short , Teddy shows open resentment toward his mother due to circumstances such as social class , fights between his parents , and Teddy 's perception of feeling unloved . Emma reassures all three children they are loved , and after an altercation with Aurora , Teddy weeps in her arms . Emma dies later that night . Following Emma 's funeral , Emma and Aurora 's friends and family gather in Aurora 's back yard for a wake . Garrett shows love toward each of Emma 's children and helps Teddy cope during the wake . The film closes on Aurora , sitting next to her grandchild Melanie .
Capa neutral Kaneda ; Pinbacker negative Mace ; Trey negative Cassie ; Capa neutral Trey ; Pinbacker positive Capa ; Capa positive Cassie <$> In 2050 , the failure of the Earth 's Sun threatens life on the planet , placing it in a solar winter and compelling humanity to reignite it with a massive stellar bomb attached to a spaceship named Icarus I . The ship is lost for reasons unknown and , seven years later , a backup spacecraft with a new payload named the Icarus II , is sent in a second and final attempt to complete the mission . After leaving the range of Earth communications , Icarus II Communications Officer Harvey discovers the distress beacon of Icarus I while passing Mercury . Crew physicist Capa is asked by Captain Kaneda to calculate whether it 's feasible to change course and approach Icarus I to attempt to salvage it . The stellar bomb 's operation is purely theoretical and there are many things that could go wrong , so Capa recommends changing course to rendezvous with Icarus I in the hope that a second ship and payload will double the chances of success . This decision is vehemently opposed by engineer Mace ( [ [ Chris Evans . In planning the new course , navigator Trey forgets to realign the shields that protect the ship from the radiation and heat of the solar wind , causing damage to the spacecraft . Kaneda and Capa embark on a spacewalk to make shield repairs while the ship is angled away from the sun to shelter them . Due to another miscalculation , however , a fire is caused in the ship 's oxygen garden by reflected sunlight . To control the fire the ship must be re-aligned to face the Sun as soon as possible , and Kaneda sacrifices himself repairing the panels to allow this . Trey blames himself for the loss of Kaneda and the oxygen garden , and psychiatrist Searle assesses him as a suicide risk and sedates him . Icarus II reaches Icarus I , and the lost spacecraft is explored by Capa , Searle , Harvey , and Mace . While Icarus I has a functional oxygen garden and payload bomb , the ship 's computer is found to be sabotaged , rendering delivery of the second payload impossible . Mace finds a video left by Captain Pinbacker , a radically religious man who states the mission was purposely abandoned , thinking it was the " will of God " that humanity should die . The crew of Icarus I is found dead in the solar observation room , having been exposed to unshielded rays of sunlight . The Icarus I and II airlocks then inexplicably decouple , damaging the Icarus I airlock and stranding the four crew members on the derelict spacecraft . Staying behind , Searle jettisons the other three using the vacuuming of the airlock to propel them into the Icarus II airlock . Harvey is knocked into space during the jump and freezes to death . Searle then enters the Icarus I observation room to die by sunlight exposure . Five remain on the Icarus II : Capa , Mace , Trey , co-pilot Cassie , and botanist Corazon . Corazon calculates that the Icarus II only has enough air for four to reach the drop - off point . Since someone must have manually decoupled the airlock as there was no hardware failure , and Trey is the only person without an alibi , everyone except Cassie decides Trey must be killed , only for the crew to find Trey has committed suicide . During a final inspection , Capa then discovers from the Icarus II computer that , even without Trey , the oxygen reserves will not last long enough due to a fifth person detected on the spacecraft . Capa ascertains that Pinbacker , now heavily burned from sun exposure , is still alive and in the observation room . Capa surmises that Pinbacker sneaked aboard , decoupled the airlocks and murdered Trey . Still believing humanity needs to die out , Pinbacker sabotages the spacecraft by removing the Icarus II ’s mainframe computer from its coolant bath , shutting down the mainframe and power systems . Pinbacker , after maiming Capa and trapping him in the airlock , kills Corazon with a scalpel and chases Cassie into the payload ship , while Mace attempts to undo Pinbacker 's sabotage to the mainframe . He is almost successful , managing to restore most systems before being trapped in a coolant reservoir and freezing to death . Capa , still trapped in the airlock , uses a spacesuit 's welding equipment to breach the inner door , allowing him to remove the inner door by decompressing the ship . Manually decoupling the payload , Capa jumps onto the payload as its boosters fire , destroying the Icarus II . After Capa enters the payload , Pinbacker attacks and holds Capa off a precipice within the bomb , only for Cassie to grab Capa and tear the skin from Pinbacker 's arm with her weight . The gravity well arresting their fall , Capa then leaves the wounded Cassie and triggers the bomb ; Capa then watches as space and time distorts , allowing him to see the inner surface of the Sun break into the room as the bomb detonates . On Earth , Capa 's sister reviews her brother 's last message on the frozen Sydney Harbour and watches the Sun noticeably brighten , implying the mission 's success .
Harry negative Davis <$> In 1972 , < ref nameDeleted scenes Cut from the final film were two scenes that explain why Harry grows to suspect Astrachan , Davis , Grimes , and Sweet of the killings of Charlie McCoy , Guzman , Ricca , the pimp , and all of the other criminals . " Magnum Force " at IMDB - Trivia * The first scene cut takes place after Davis and Harry watch McCoy 's funeral flight take off and before the combat pistol championship ; after the flight Harry and Davis drive from the airport to a bowling alley for a few drinks ; a black youth is suddenly chased outside and assaulted by four toughs ; Davis attacks the toughs while Harry dispatches one with his beer mug . After subduing the robbers , Davis harangues a group of eyewitnesses for letting such crimes take place ; Harry witnesses Davis 's harangue and sees in it his own approach to crime fighting , albeit far more severe . * Later , after examining the bullet from Davis 's gun at the combat pistol championship range , Harry checks on old issues of a police magazine . He finds articles condemning the revolving door justice allowed by liberal politics - and these articles are authored by the four rookie cops .
King positive Gruda ; Vallo negative Gruda ; Vallo positive Consuelo ; Gruda negative Consuelo <$> In the Caribbean , late in the 18th century , Captain Vallo , a pirate known as " The Crimson Pirate " , and his crew capture a ship of the King 's navy . The ship is carrying Baron Gruda , the special envoy to the King , who is on his way to the Island of Cobra to help crush a rebellion by rebels opposed to the King 's rule . Vallo proposes to make money by selling the weapons on the ship to El Libre , the leader of the rebels . Baron Gruda then proposes to pay Vallo money if he can capture El Libre and bring him to him . Vallo accepts and Baron Gruda and his crew are released , Vallo keeping their ship and releasing Gruda and his men onto his own . While some of the pirates complain that this is not pirate business , they soon come around when they find out the amount of money to be made . Vallo and his crew sail to Cobra , where Vallo and his lieutenant , Ojo , go ashore to meet the rebels . They eventually meet the rebels who are led by Pablo Murphy ( [ [ Noel Purcell and Consuelo , where they learn that El Libre has been captured and is in a military prison on the island of San Pero . The meeting is interrupted when they are discovered by the King 's guards . Consuelo leads Vallo and Ojo to safety , then they all go to the ship . Vallo tells the crew he will rescue El Libre , though Consuelo only believes Vallo is interested in selling weapons to him . She promises him he will get the money . Consuelo also tells Vallo El Libre is her father . They sail to San Pero . Vallo , dressing in the clothes left on board the ship , pretends to be Baron Gruda and goes to a dinner held in honour of Gruda by the Colonel of the garrison . The Colonel shows Vallo El Libre and another captured rebel , Professor Elihu Prudence ( [ [ James Hayter . Vallo orders the prisoners to be released into his custody and leaves with them . They all go to the ship which then leaves for Cobra . Consuelo is grateful to Vallo for rescuing her father but is distraught to find out that Vallo intends to sell her , El Libre , and the Professor to Baron Gruda . Ojo suggests to Vallo that he is in love with Consuelo . Vallo denies this but decides to release them instead of selling them to Gruda . Consuelo begs Vallo to come with them but he refuses . Unknown to Vallo , his first mate , Humble Bellows , overhears them . Bellows plots against Vallo , sending one of the pirates ashore with a message for Gruda . Vallo lets El Libre and Consuelo go first , but the King 's guards are waiting . El Libre is killed and Consuelo is captured . The pirates mutiny and Humble Bellows is elected Captain . Baron Gruda promises Bellows money for dealing with Vallo . Vallo , Ojo , and the Professor are cast adrift in a boat to die . Gruda proposes a toast , giving the pirates a barrel of rum . Unknown to the pirates , the rum is drugged and when they fall asleep , they are captured , transferred back to Vallo 's ship , and held prisoners for Gruda to sell them to the King . Baron Gruda tells Consuelo that she will marry Herman , the Governor of Cobra , or he will kill the people of Cobra . Consuelo agrees , Gruda then announcing the date of the wedding and forcing the people to attend . Meanwhile , Vallo , Ojo , and the Professor manage to escape back to Cobra where they find out about the wedding . Vallo intends to rescue Consuelo but the Professor tells him he needs the help of the people . Vallo agrees , and along with the Professor builds weapons and trains the people how to use them . They make nitroglycerin bombs , tanks , flamethrowers , and a hot air balloon . On the day of the wedding , the people revolt before the ceremony and overthrow the guards . Baron Gruda manages to escape to his ship , taking Consuelo with him . Vallo and Ojo go after them , taking the hot air balloon . They spot their ship , climb down to it , and release the pirates . They then go after Gruda 's ship . When they get close to the ship , Vallo orders the pirates below deck , making Gruda think they are about to launch a broadside . They sneak out the back of the ship , and swim underwater to Gruda 's ship . A repentant Humble Bellows stays behind to keep the ship on course , presumably sacrificing himself . Gruda launches a broadside against Vallo 's ship , destroying it . Vallo and the pirates then board Gruda 's ship and fight with Gruda and his guards . The guards are defeated and Gruda is killed . Vallo and Consuelo embrace .
Jaggar negative Sweeney <$> In the alien - western world of Oblivion , a suave , yet lethal bounty hunter named Sweeney arrives to arrest the seductive outlaw Lash on multiple charges , including murder . Lash , who just " inherited " a mine of Derconium from Crowley in a game of cards , meets up with Redeye 's brother , Jaggar , who wants the mine for himself to rule the galaxy . It 's a fight over Lash between the sheriff of Oblivion , Jaggar , and Sweeney . But who will emerge victorious ?
his negative OCP ; his neutral RoboCop ; his neutral Lewis ; Morton positive OCP ; Jones negative Boddicker ; OCP negative Boddicker ; RoboCop negative Lewis ; Jones negative RoboCop <$> In the near future , Detroit , Michigan is on the verge of collapse due to financial ruin and unchecked crime . The mega-corporation Omni Consumer Products enters into a contract with the city to run the police force . OCP plans to destroy " Old Detroit " and replace it with the utopia of " Delta City " . Recognizing that human law enforcers are insufficient to stop the crime spree , OCP runs several programs to find robotic replacements . One program , the ED - 209 enforcement droid , headed by senior president Dick Jones , malfunctions and kills a junior executive during its demonstration . As a result , the OCP Chairman opts for a cyborg program helmed by middle - ranking executive Bob Morton , named " RoboCop " . Veteran police officer Alex Murphy is transferred to a new precinct in Old Detroit and is partnered with Anne Lewis ( [ [ Nancy Allen . On their first patrol , they chase down a team of criminals led by crime boss Clarence Boddicker to an abandoned steel mill . Lewis is later rendered unconscious by one of the gang , while the rest of Boddicker 's men corner Murphy and brutally murder him . Murphy is pronounced dead at the hospital and OCP subsequently takes his body and utilizes parts of the remains in the construction of the first RoboCop . RoboCop is able to single - handedly deal with much of the violent crime in the city , causing the rest of the police force to become worried they may be replaced . Unbeknownst to his human monitors , RoboCop still retains memories of his life as Murphy , including brief glimpses of his wife and son , and the action of spinning his gun before holstering it , a trick Murphy had done for his son . Lewis recognizes these elements from Murphy 's mannerisms , and tries to learn more from RoboCop , but he remains silent on the issues . Because of RoboCop 's success , Morton is promoted to become one of OCP 's vice-presidents . Morton 's success and arrogance leads Jones to have Boddicker , secretly in his employ , kill the young executive . Meanwhile , an armed gas station holdup by one of Boddicker 's men allows RoboCop to track down Boddicker to a cocaine bunker . RoboCop bursts into the facility and Boddicker reveals his alliance with Dick Jones . Boddicker is arrested and RoboCop visits Jones at his offices at OCP , intending to arrest him as well . During the confrontation , RoboCop 's previously unknown fourth directive , preventing him from arresting or harming any senior executive of OCP , activates and incapacitates him . Jones sends an ED - 209 against RoboCop . The ED - 209 proves incapable of descending a stairway , making it possible for RoboCop to escape . When RoboCop enters the parking complex of the building , a police SWAT team is waiting for him with orders to destroy him . The hail of bullets severely damages RoboCop 's armor , but Lewis saves him . Meanwhile , the police launch their long - threatened strike , sending the city into chaos . Jones arranges for Boddicker and his men to be released from prison and provides them with weaponry capable of puncturing RoboCop 's heavy armor . Using a tracking device provided by Jones , Boddicker 's team converges on the steel mill where RoboCop was recovering from his injuries . RoboCop and Lewis defend themselves and kill the entire gang . Lewis is wounded but survives . RoboCop returns to OCP headquarters and presents evidence of Jones ' role in Morton 's death to the OCP chairman . Jones quickly grabs a gun and takes the chairman hostage . The chairman , after being told about the Fourth Directive by RoboCop , fires Jones , allowing RoboCop to shoot him . Jones then crashes through the window and falls to his death . The chairman commends RoboCop for his skill and asks for his name , to which RoboCop replies : " Murphy " .
Johnny positive Hondo <$> Hondo Lane arrives on foot at a ranch where Mrs. Angie Lowe and her son Johnny have been deserted by her husband for months . Part Apache , Hondo tries to avoid confrontation with war chief Vittorio , but finally bails out inexperienced West Point graduate Cavalry Lieutenant and old friend scout Buffalo . When Hondo finally admits he had to kill Mr Lowe in self - defense , Angie reveals her husband was a gambler , unfaithful , unkind , and only married her for her inheritance . She disagrees with Hondo 's devotion to " truth " , calls his desire to confess to Johnny selfish , and asks to leave with him and the remains of a wagon train heading towards his farm that looks just like hers .
Craig negative Easton ; Easton positive Fabricio ; Craig negative Constance ; Craig negative Olson <$> Famous motion picture producer and writer Jesse Craig attends a film festival on the French Riviera . He has not been actively making films for a few years and some in the film industry think he has retired , but he comes to the Riviera with a new screenplay to show it to his friend and film / literary agent Brian Murphy who is attending the festival . The screenplay is a cautionary tale about terrorists attacking major cities in the United States using hijacked commercial airliners containing nuclear bombs as the attack vehicles . No one knows the content of the script or its author who Craig claims is a new writer by the name of Malcolm Hart . Bret Easton is a popular American film actor , director and producer who lives and makes films in Europe . His most recent film is about a revolution and uprising in a third world country in which he portrays the leader of the revolutionaries in the film . He secretly arranges to get a copy of Craig 's script by sending several women to Murphy 's hotel suite . While Murphy is otherwise occupied one of the women takes the script downstairs to the copier machine in the hotel offices . Craig meets a former love , Constance Dobson and they decide to travel into the countryside together to a small inn . Meanwhile Easton has read Craig 's script at his riviera mansion and is deeply troubled . His underling , Fabricio asks him what he wishes to be done . Easton replies , we 'll have to kill Mr. Craig . Later that evening Fabricio secretly enters Craig 's room at the inn where Craig and Constance are staying and plants a bomb among Craig 's clothing . The bomb is a string of plastic explosives concealed within the belt of Craig 's bathrobe . When the ends of the belt are drawn together it closes the circuit setting off the electrical detonator of the bomb . When Craig enters the room he goes to the bathroom to shower . Constance undresses to surprise Craig when he emerges from the bathroom . She puts on Craig 's robe and unknowingly detonates the bomb when she ties the belt . The bomb blast kills Constance and injures Craig who is taken to a local hospital . The police inform Craig that he was the intended target of the bomb and the type of bomb that was used is the trademark of an assassin who works for a terrorist group that has been staging attacks across Europe . Craig starts his own investigation in an attempt to avenge Constance 's murder . He meets a reporter , Gail McKinnon who wants to interview him . She ends up assisting him with his inquiries . Craig also contacts an old friend who he had served with in the war , Major General Jerry Olson U.S. Air Force , who commands the nearby NATO Air Force Base , for help in gathering intelligence about this terrorist group . After many plot twists and harrowing experiences Jesse and Gail uncover the fact that Bret Easton is one of the leaders of the terrorist group and the reason he tried to murder Jesse was that Jesse 's screenplay , of which Jesse is the real author , comes very close to describing the terrorists ' latest attack plan . Meanwhile the terrorists have secretly taken control of three airliners and have landed them on remote and desolate airfields that have been prepared in advance to off load and imprison the airliners ' passengers and then quickly retrofit the planes to each transport and drop a nuclear bomb on three cities in the United States . These cities are Washington , DC , New York City , and Miami , FL . Bombs have been planted on three flying commercial airliners and set to detonate in flight so the terrorist controlled jets can impersonate the legitimate commercial flights . Jesse Craig and Gail confront Easton on Easton 's yacht which is at sea several miles off the coast . Easton confirms Craig 's suspicions while boasting about his grand plans and then tries to murder him . A violent brawl ensues and Easton tries to stab Craig with a small sharpened boat anchor . Craig gets a hold a revolver that he had taken off a dead terrorist before he boarded the yacht and shoots Easton dead . Jesse and Gail use the radio - telephone on the yacht to contact General Olson . It turns out that General Olsen is flying on one of the targeted jetliners and he is onboard speaking with Jesse via cockpit radio when the bomb onboard explodes . Realizing that General Olson is dead , Jesse contacts General Olson 's executive officer at the NATO base and informs him of events . The Air Force is able to identify and shoot down the three terrorist controlled airliners just minutes before their attack runs on the cities take place .
Sita negative Ram ; Dr. neutral Ram ; Sita positive Dr. <$> Sita is married to Ram who is diagnosed to have cancer . Ram is admitted to a hospital where he is to be treated by Dr. Dharmesh . Dr. Dharmesh is Sita 's former love and both of them are very much uncomfortable to interact in front of Sita 's husband . Sita suspects that Dr. Dharmesh will not be able to give her husband a fair treatment because of his love interest in her . When she mentions this to him he promises her that he will try his best to save her husband . Ram overhears this conversation and later suggests to Sita that she should get married to Dr. Dharmesh after his death . Ram is to undergo a major surgery under Dr. Dharmesh which will decide his fate . Dr. Dharmesh seized with a feeling that he ca n't afford to fail in this surgery as it might seem that he was biased due to Sita . He works hard for the preparation of the surgery , without proper food / sleep for a long time . Finally at the end the surgery takes place . Dr. Dharmesh comes out from the operation theater and tells Sita that the operation was successful and her husband is safe . He takes couple of steps forward and collapses . Long days of hard work for the preparation of surgery takes its toll , and he dies on the spot . Last scene shows Ram and Sita at the inauguration of a hospital built in Dr. Dharmesh 's memory . Dr. Dharmesh 's mother inaugurates his statue and everybody places flowers there .
Danny neutral Billy ; Danny positive Sikander ; Danny negative Roxanne <$> While working as a correspondent at the offices of the Northern Star newspaper , Kipling is approached by a ragged , seemingly crazed derelict , who reveals himself to be his old acquaintance Peachy Carnehan . Peachy tells Kipling the story of how he and his comrade - in - arms Danny Dravot travelled to remote Kafiristan , became gods , and ultimately lost everything . A few years earlier , the pair of rogues had met Kipling at his office . After signing a contract pledging mutual loyalty and forswearing drink and women until they achieved their grandiose aims , Peachy and Danny set off on an epic overland journey north beyond the Khyber Pass , " travelling by night and avoiding villages " , fighting off bandits , blizzards , and avalanches , into the unknown land of Kafiristan . They chance upon a Gurkha soldier who goes by the name Billy Fish , the sole survivor of a mapping expedition several years earlier . Billy speaks English as well as the local tongue , and it is he , acting as translator and interpreter of the customs and manners , who smooths the path of Peachy and Danny as they begin their rise , first offering their services as military advisors , trainers , and war leaders to the chief of the much - raided village of Er - Heb . Peachy and Danny muster a force to attack the villagers ' most - hated enemy , the Bashkai . In their first battle , the natives decide that Danny must be a god when he is unharmed after being struck in the chest by an arrow . In fact , the arrow was stopped by a bandolier hidden beneath his clothing . As victory follows victory , the defeated are recruited to join the swelling army . Finally , no one is left to stand in their way , and they are summoned to the holy city of Sikandergul , where the chief high priest , Kafu Selim , sets up a re-enactment of the arrow incident , in order to determine whether Danny is a man or a god by seeing whether or not he bleeds . When Danny flinches , the monks grab him and rip open his shirt , only to be stopped however , by Danny 's Masonic Jewel . By coincidence , the symbol on the Jewel matches a hidden symbol , known only to the highest holy man , of " Sikander " , who had passed through the country thousands of years before and promised to return . The holy men are convinced Danny is the son of Sikander . They hail him as king and lead the two men down to storerooms heaped with treasure that belonged to Sikander , which now belongs to Danny . As the months pass , Peachy is anxious to leave with the treasure before winter closes the passes . Danny is against it , however , and develops delusions of grandeur . First , he suggests that Peachy bow to him like the others . Then he begins making plans to turn the land into a modern country , to the extent that he envisages eventually meeting Queen Victoria " as an equal " . Disgusted , Peachy decides to take as much booty as he can carry on a small mule train , with his old friend 's blessing . Meanwhile , Danny decides to take a wife after seeing the beautiful Roxanne , despite Peachy 's strong warnings . Roxanne , having a superstitious fear that she will be struck dead if she consorts with a god , tries frantically to escape , biting Danny during the wedding ceremony . The bite draws blood , and when everyone sees it , they realise Danny is human after all . The angry natives pursue him and Peachy . Billy tries to buy time by courageously charging the mob singlehandedly with a kukri , but the pair are soon captured . Danny is forced to walk to the middle of a rope bridge over a deep gorge ; he apologises to Peachy before the ropes are cut . Peachy is crucified between two pine trees , but is cut down the next day when he survives the ordeal . Eventually , he makes his way back to India , but his mind has become unhinged by his sufferings . As Peachy finishes his story , he presents Kipling with Danny 's head , still wearing its crown , thereby proving the tale is true .
Mahesuan positive Dum ; Rumpoey negative Dum ; Kumjorn neutral Mahesuan ; Dum neutral Fai ; Kumjorn negative Fai ; Kumjorn positive Rumpoey ; Kumjorn positive Dum <$> A young woman waits in the rain under an ornate gazebo in a lotus pond . She carries with her a photo of the man she is waiting for . The man , whose name is Dum , is with another gunman named Mahesuan . Dressed all in black and wearing a cowboy hat , Dum enters a house and fires his pistol . The bullet ricochets around before it burrows into a man 's forehead . A red title card then flashes up and says : " Did you catch that ? If not , we 'll play it again ! " And the shot is replayed in slow motion , showing the bullet bouncing off items in a Rube Goldberg fashion . Dum then rushes off , galloping his horse across the plain . However , by the time he reaches the gazebo , the woman , whose name is Rumpoey , is gone . She has returned home , where she is to be engaged to Police Captain Kumjorn in a marriage arranged by her father , the provincial governor . Mahesuan is bitter about his status as a sidekick to Dum . He was the best gunman in the outlaw gang headed by the brutal Fai , until Dum came along . Eager to settle the score , Mahesuan goes looking for Dum and finds him playing a harmonica . Mahesuan knocks it out of Dum 's hand and baits him into a gunfight . The quick - drawing Dum fires first , but Mahesuan is not injured . However , a dead snake drops from an overhanging tree branch onto Mahesuan 's cowboy hat . Dum killed the venomous snake , saving Mahesuan 's life . Dum then thinks back to his childhood 10 years ago during the Second World War , when Rumpoey and her father left the city to stay on Dum 's father 's small farm in rural Thailand . Rumpoey is a demanding girl . She smashes a bamboo flute that Dum is playing and demands that he take her on a boat ride in the lotus pond . They visit the gazebo , or sala in Thai language , and it is called " Sala Awaiting the Maiden . " Dum says a woodcutter built it to await a wealthy family 's daughter whom he had fallen in love with . However , the maiden was prevented from meeting the woodcutter , so she hanged herself . Rumpoey is touched by the story . On the way home , they collide with a boat carrying three boys , who taunt Rumpoey . Dum defends Rumpoey , is struck with an oar and then their boat overturns . He rescues Rumpoey but is late in coming home . So he is punished by his father , who lashes the boy 's back with a rattan cane . Rumpoey , feeling sorry for getting Dum into trouble , buys him a harmonica to replace the flute she broke . Shifting back to present time , Dum and Mahesuan ride to an old Buddhist temple , where they swear a blood oath in front of the Buddha statue . Meanwhile , Captain Kumjorn is eager to bring law and order to the wild west of Suphanburi Province . In an attack on Fai 's hide - out , the police forces seem to be gaining the upper hand . But then Dum and Mahesuan arrive on a cliff overlooking the battle and use rocket - propelled grenade launchers to decimate the police . Kumjorn is captured , and Dum is ordered by Fai to execute him . Kumjorn pleads with Dum to tell his fiancée of his fate , and he pulls out a framed photo of his beloved . Dum is stunned to see a photo of Rumpoey . Mahesuan enters to find Kumjorn gone and Dum with a knife in his chest . As Dum 's wound is being treated , he thinks back to one year ago , when he was a university student in Bangkok , where he became re-acquainted with Rumpoey . Dum pleads with her to leave him alone , reasoning that they are from different social classes and are fated to never be together . Later , Rumpoey is attacked by a gang of male students , the same boys from her childhood boat accident . Dum comes to her rescue but ends up expelled . Rumpoey finds Dum walking , and offers to give him a ride in her car . She then instructs her driver to take them to a nearby beach . Dum and Rumpoey confide their love for each other , and they agree to meet a year later at Sala Awaiting the Maiden . However , Dum arrives at home and finds his father murdered . He takes his father 's rifle , tracks the killers and shoots some of them . With one bullet left , he turns the gun on himself , but is stopped by Fai , who has ridden up with his horsemen . Fai recognizes the rifle , saying he had given it to Dum 's father years before . Fai then hands Dum a pistol and tells him to finish the job of killing the men who murdered his father . Dum is now an outlaw . Shifting back to the present , where it is the night before Rumpoey 's wedding to Kumjorn , she tries to hang herself , but is stopped by her maid . Fai , meanwhile , plans to attack the governor 's mansion , and Mahesuan , suspecting that Dum intentionally let Kumjorn go free , betrays Dum . A gun battle ensues , but Dum escapes . Dum , dressed in a white suit , appears at the wedding and warns Kumjorn of Fai 's plans to attack . Kumjorn , however , wants to shoot the man he knows as the " Black Tiger " and is his rival for Rumpoey 's affection . Fai 's men attack and Mahesuan breaks into the mansion , where he discovers Rumpoey , and knocks her unconscious . Mahesuan is carrying Rumpoey away when he meets Dum and demands a rematch gunfight . As a raindrop drips through a hole in the brim of Mahesuan 's hat , Dum fires and the bullet rips through Mahesuan 's teeth . Dum , next confronted by Kumjorn , reaches into his pocket . Kumjorn , believing that he is reaching for his gun , shoots Dum . But Dum was only reaching for the photograph of Rumpoey that Kumjorn had once carried . As Dum lies dying in the rain with Rumpoey sobbing over him , some of Dum 's words from earlier are narrated again – that life is suffering , punctuated only by a never - ending search for happy moments .
Heiji negative Conan ; Heiji negative Kazuha ; Conan positive his ; Conan positive Kazuha <$> Heiji Hattori searches for a girl he fell in love with after he saw her playing outside a temple when he was little . Meanwhile , Kogoro , Ran , Conan , and Sonoko go to Kyoto and meet up with Heiji and Kazuha to investigate a robbery and several murders . The killer tries to kill Heiji several times and severely injures Heiji . The killer kidnaps Kazuha , but Heiji collapses before he can reach her . Conan swallows a pill Haibara gave him and a bottle of wine , temporarily turning him back into Shinichi . He disguises himself as Heiji and attempts to arrest the killer and save Kazuha and manages to stall the murderer until Heiji arrives . Using kendo , Heiji fights the culprit while Shinichi runs into the woods to hide while his transformation into Conan occurs . In the woods , Shinichi bumps into Ran and stuns Ran with his tranquilizer watch to prevent her from seeing his transformation into Conan . Conan then reaches Heiji and Kazuha in time to save them by kicking sticks of fire at the culprit . The culprit continues to fight Heiji and manages to push the Osaka detective to the edge of the roof . Conan kicks a soccer ball at the enemy , giving Heiji time to regain his footing . In the end , Heiji finds out that the girl from his childhood was Kazuha and does not tell Kazuha that she is the girl he was looking for .
Lambert neutral Kane ; Ripley negative Lambert ; Ripley neutral Ash ; Ash negative Parker ; Lambert negative Parker <$> The commercial towing spaceship Nostromo is on a return trip from Thedus to Earth , hauling a refinery and twenty million tons of mineral ore , and carrying its seven - member crew in stasis . Upon receiving a transmission of unknown origin from a nearby planetoid , the ship 's computer awakens the crew.In the script and film the computer is referred to by the crew members as " Mother " . An October 1979 issue of Fantastic Films magazine , as well as the back of the 1980 Fox videodisk of the film , explain that " Mother " is an abbreviation for " MU / TH / UR 6000 " , the model of the computer . The chapter list for Alien in the 2003 Alien Quadrilogy DVD set also lists it as " MU / TH / UR " . The 1997 sequel Alien Resurrection , the fourth film in the series , echoed this element by having the crew of the Auriga refer to the ship 's onboard computer as " Father . " McIntee , 25 , 119 . Acting on standing orders from their corporate employers , the crew detaches the Nostromo from the refinery and lands on the planetoid , resulting in some damage to the ship . Captain Dallas , Executive Officer Kane , and Navigator Lambert set out to investigate the signal 's source while Warrant Officer Ripley , Science Officer Ash , and Engineers Brett and Parker stay behind to monitor their progress and make repairs . Dallas , Kane , and Lambert discover that the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft . Inside it they find the remains of a large alien creature whose ribs appear to have been forced outward from the inside . Meanwhile , the Nostromo 's computer partially deciphers the signal transmission , which Ripley determines to be some type of warning . Kane discovers a vast chamber containing numerous eggs , one of which releases a creature that attaches itself to his face . Dallas and Lambert carry the unconscious Kane back to the Nostromo , where Ash allows them inside against Ripley 's orders to follow the ship 's quarantine protocol . They unsuccessfully attempt to remove the creature from Kane 's face , discovering that its blood is an extremely corrosive acid . Eventually the creature detaches on its own and is found dead . With the ship repaired , the crew resume their trip back to Earth . Kane awakens seemingly unharmed , but during a meal before re-entering stasis he begins to choke and convulse until an alien creature bursts from his chest , killing him and escaping into the ship . Lacking conventional weapons , the crew attempt to locate and capture the creature by fashioning motion trackers , electric prods , and flamethrowers . Brett follows the crew 's cat into a large room where the now - fully - grown Alien attacks him and disappears with his body into the ship 's air shafts . Dallas enters the shafts intending to force the Alien into an airlock where it can be expelled into space , but it ambushes him . Lambert implores the remaining crew members to escape in the ship 's shuttle , but Ripley , now in command , explains that the shuttle will not support four people . Accessing the ship 's computer , Ripley discovers that Ash has been ordered to return the Alien to the Nostromo 's corporate employers even at the expense of the crew 's lives . Ash attacks her , but Parker intervenes and decapitates him with a blow from a fire extinguisher , revealing Ash to be an android . Before Parker incinerates him , Ash predicts that the other crew members will not survive . The remaining three crew members plan to arm the Nostromo 's self - destruct mechanism and escape in the shuttle , but Parker and Lambert are killed by the Alien while gathering the necessary supplies . Ripley initiates the self - destruct sequence and heads for the shuttle with the cat , but finds the Alien blocking her way . She unsuccessfully attempts to abort the self - destruct , then returns to find the Alien gone and narrowly escapes in the shuttle as the Nostromo explodes . As she prepares to enter stasis , Ripley discovers that the Alien is aboard the shuttle . She puts on a space suit and opens the hatch , causing explosive decompression which forces the Alien to the open doorway . She shoots it with a grappling gun which propels it out , but the gun is yanked from her hands and catches in the closing door , tethering the Alien to the shuttle . It attempts to crawl into one of the engines , but Ripley activates them and blasts the Alien into space . She then puts herself and the cat into stasis for the return trip to Earth .
Sonny positive Al <$> After years of hopeful struggle , Al Stone is on his way . " I 'm Sittin ' on Top of the World " , he sings to an appreciative speakeasy crowd . But , as Al discovers , getting there is one thing . Staying there is another . Singing waiter Stone gets his huge break on a magical night when his song wows a big - time producer and a gold - digging showgirl he fancies . Broadway success and marriage follow , but sure enough , hard times are on the way . Al 's fickle wife abandons him , taking the beloved son he calls Sonny Boy with her . Heartbroken , Al becomes a devastated loner until friends from the speakeasy that launched his career rescue him from a life on the streets . Soon , Al is back in lights . But another crisis awaits : Sonny Boy is in the hospital and dying ....
Victor positive Inga <$> Victor , a seventy - six year old physics professor traveling by chauffeured car to give a university lecture , decides to visit his boyhood home . In the outhouse , he finds a figurine of a dove which reminds him of a summer picnic from his youth . Later in the flashback , Victor and his beloved sister Inga run through the woods until they come across Death , who has come to claim Inga . Victor wagers that Death will not win a badmintonska competition with Inga -- parodying The Seventh Seal , in which the competition is a game of chess . Death agrees , with the condition that if he wins he will take both Inga and Victor . After Inga wins the competition , she and Victor happily run to the lake to go skinny - dipping .
Sassoon positive Owen <$> The film starts by referencing Siegfried Sassoon 's open letter dated July 1917 , protesting the conduct and insincerities of the First World War . The letter has been published in The Times and has received much attention in England . With the string - pulling and guidance of Robert Graves , a fellow poet and friend of Sassoon , the army agrees to send Sassoon to Craiglockhart War Hospital , a psychiatric facility in Scotland , rather than court - martialling him . At Craiglockhart , Sassoon meets Dr. William Rivers , a former anthropologist turned psychiatrist who encourages his patients to express their war memories so that they can “ heal their nerves ” . There is no clear main character in this film , but there is more focus on several of the characters ; notably , Billy Prior , Siegfried Sassoon and Dr. Rivers himself . A very important secondary character , Wilfred Owen , is linked to Sassoon ’s storyline . Prior , at first an unsympathetic character , presents a challenge to Dr Rivers , who gradually discovers that the loss of Prior 's power of speech is the result of a traumatic experience in the trenches . Prior spends his spare time going into the town in search of sex , eventually beginning a relationship with Sarah , a munitions worker . He too has anti-war sentiments and refers to incidents that have caused him to distrust the military authorities . Sassoon 's letter is read in the House of Commons and is dismissed , as he is considered mentally unstable . He begins to become friends with another patient in the hospital , Wilfred Owen . Owen aspires to be a poet as well and he greatly respects Sassoon 's work ; Sassoon agrees to help Owen with his poetry . Meanwhile , Doctor Rivers has taken a leave of absence from the hospital and visits Dr. Lewis Yealland ’s practice in London . Dr. Yealland treats his patients not like traumatised human beings , but like mere machines , which need to be repaired as quickly as possible . Rivers sits in on one of Yealland ’s electroshock therapy sessions on a private named Callan , who , like Prior , has lost his speech . Rivers is at first repulsed by the brutality of the treatment , but back in Craiglockhart , he starts to question his own method of therapy , since his patients take long to recover and sometimes actually suffer under the expression of their traumas . Sassoon has also come to a very important decision . Although he still disagrees with the brutality and suffering of the war , he decides to return to France in order to care for his men . Both Graves and Rivers are pleased with this decision . During the Review Board ’s evaluation of Sassoon , Rivers is torn apart by conflicting feelings . On the one hand , Sassoon ’s views have not changed in the slightest , and as such he still fulfills the qualification of mental illness that landed him at Craiglockhart . On the other hand Sassoon did not truly qualify as mentally ill in the first place , and he strongly wishes to return to the war . When his opinion is needed , he qualifies Sassoon as being fit , and thereby qualified to return to war . In the meantime , Prior escapes a return to the Front when he goes before the medical board and is found to have a weak chest . The final scenes show Wilfred Owen 's death in France and Rivers ' despair on hearing of it .
Shirley positive Jane ; Shirley positive Costas ; Joe neutral Shirley <$> Shirley Valentine - Bradshaw is a 42 year old Liverpudlian housewife whose family pays her so little attention she frequently talks to her kitchen walls in order to keep a conversation going . When her flamboyant friend Jane wins a trip for two to Greece , Shirley uncharacteristically puts herself first and accepts her invitation to join her . Upon their arrival in Mykonos , Jane promptly abandons her companion for a romance with a man she met on the plane before it even took off . When the plane lands , Shirley sets off on her own , with Jane promising to return that night . Jane does n't surface for several days , but Shirley is fine on her own , exploring the island . Eventually she is " rescued " by her fellow Brits Jeanette and Dougie at lunch one day . During lunch , another British couple begins to disparage Greece as being too Greek . Shirley ca n't stand more than a few insults before she blasts them all , letting them know that the Greeks are responsible for many modern accomplishments that they take for granted . After dinner , she goes off alone and happens upon a taverna . She then asks the owner to help her fulfill a dream she 's had : drinking wine by the sea . The owner , Costas Dimitriades , willingly helps her by moving a small table and chair next to the sea . After realizing that the grass is indeed greener , Shirley is worse off than before . Costas comes by and offers to walk her back to her room . Once there , he invites her out to his brother 's boat the next day . When she balks , he promises not to try to seduce her . Convinced that he only wants to cheer her up , she agrees . The next morning , as Shirley is preparing to meet Costas , Jane returns to the room , begging for forgiveness and not giving Shirley a word in edgewise . As Jane goes to change for their day together , Costas shows up and Shirley leaves with him , with Jane trailing behind in disbelief . Shirley then pawns Jane off on the uptight Brits as payback for leaving her alone . Shirley and Costas go out on the boat . Shirley goes skinny - dipping , revealing to the camera that she does n't want Costas to keep his promise from the day before . After she kisses him , he does n't . Once Jane hears about what has happened , she believes that Shirley has fallen in love with Costas . However , Shirley reveals to the camera that she 's fallen in love with the idea of living . Shirley spends more time with Costas , yet she is despondent about having to leave soon . Once the time comes , Shirley gets as far as the airport before turning back . Once back at the taverna , she finds Costas handing the same line to another tourist as he did with her . However , Shirley is n't upset because she did n't return for him ; she wants a job . Once Jane arrives at the airport back in Britain , she drops Shirley 's suitcase without a word to Shirley 's husband Joe , who is carrying an armful of flowers . He is shocked and embarrassed at being left and calls Shirley any time he can , from a variety of places . He becomes more and more desperate the longer she is away , as she becomes more content with her new life . Finally their son tells Joe to go and get her instead of insisting she come back . Hurt by his son 's words , Joe sets off for Greece . Shirley , having received a telegram about Joe 's impending arrival , prepares for it . Costas is afraid of a confrontation with Joe , and begs off with a fake excuse . Once Joe arrives at the taverna , he walks by Shirley , not recognising her . She calls him by name and when he turns around , sees , as Shirley puts it , " not the wife or the mother , but Shirley Valentine " . After gathering himself , she pours him a glass of wine and invites him to sit with her at the table and chairs by the sea .
Lysander positive Demetrius ; Helena positive Demetrius ; Helena positive Oberon <$> In Monte Athena , Italy , young lovers Lysander and Hermia escape into the forest to escape the strict instructions from Hermia 's father that she must be betrothed to Demetrius , another young man who loves her . Demetrius follows them , having been made aware of the plan by Helena , a young woman who is desperately in love with him . Once in the forest , they wander into the fairy world , ruled by King Oberon and Queen Titania , two sparring local deities . Oberon and his servant sprite Puck cause mayhem among the lovers with a magic potion that causes both Lysander and Demetrius to fall in love with Helena , leading to a rift between all four that culminates in a mud - wrestling scene . Meanwhile , Oberon bewitches Titania with the same potion , causing her to fall in love with a local weaver and amateur actor , Nick Bottom , whom Puck has furnished with the head of an ass . Titania woos Bottom in her bower , attended by fairies . Oberon tires of the sport and puts all to rights , pairing Lysander back with Hermia and Demetrius with Helena , and reconciling with his own queen , Titania . In the final part , Bottom and his troupe of " rude Mechanicals " perform their amateur play , based on the tragedy of Pyramus and Thisbe , before Duke Theseus , his wife Hippolyta , and the court , unintentionally producing a comedy .
Annie negative Clifford ; Josh negative Charlie ; Josh neutral Clifford <$> Sometime after the events in Critters 2 , Charlie MacFadden is tracking down the last of the Critters . A family of three - Annie , Johnny and Clifford - stops at a rest stop when their car 's tire pops . At the rest stop , Charlie warns them and Josh , stepson of a corrupt landlord , about the Crites . As this happens , a Crite lays eggs under the family 's car and the family leaves , unknowingly taking the eggs with them . Soon after they arrive at their tenement , the Crites hatch and attack the sleazy maintenance man , Frank . When the landlord arrives , he too is eaten by the Crites after Josh locks him in Clifford 's room , unknowingly trapping his stepfather with the creatures . Next , one of the residents is attacked and wounded . Annie , her family and five others try to get to safety in one piece by getting to the roof of the building . Charlie arrives and destroys the remaining Critters , saving the remaining tenants . The film ends in a cliffhanger as Charlie is about to destroy two Crite eggs , but is ordered not to and a containment pod sent from the Intergalactic Council crashes into the basement . Charlie puts the eggs into the pod , but accidentally traps himself inside .
Menon positive Ramankutty <$> Usha comes to her sister 's house for relief from a terrible tragedy of her life which is the accidental death of her lover Ravi played by Shankar . In the new place she met Ramankutty played by Nedumudi Venu who is friend of Vasu Menon husband of her sister . Their friendship eventually turn into love , but Ramankutty 's mother does not allow this proposal . Usha slowly realizes that Vasu Menon 's feelings for her are wayward , but she does not tell her sister as she fears that this will ruin their family . So Usha decides to go back to her home on the way she meets Ramankutty who has convinced his mother about he marrying Usha .
Ann neutral Jack ; Ann negative Kong ; Jack neutral Kong ; Carl positive Kong <$> In the autumn of 1932 , at the height of the Great Depression in New York City , Ann Darrow has lost her job as a vaudeville actress but is hired by troubled filmmaker Carl Denham to act in his new motion picture . Ann signs on when she learns her favourite playwright Jack Driscoll is the screenwriter . As their tramp steamer SS Venture sails to the mysterious Skull Island , they slowly fall in love . As for Carl , a warrant is out for his arrest and Captain Englehorn begins to have second thoughts , following the fears of his crew about Skull Island and its strange creatures that have evolved alone from the outside world . Deep in the southern seas the " Venture " receives a radio message from her owners informing the Captain about Denhams ' arrest warrant and instructing him to divert to Rangoon immediately . Despite his attempt to turn around , the ship is lost in fog and runs aground on the rocks encircling the island . Carl and his crew explore the island to film and are attacked by the vicious natives , degenerated descendents of a once great civilisation . Mike ( [ [ Craig Hall , the sound technician , is speared , one of the sailors has his head bashed in , and Jack is knocked out . Ann screams as she is captured , and a roar beyond the wall responds . The matriarch of the tribe vows to sacrifice her to " Kong " , a 25 ft tall gorilla , and the last of its kind . Englehorn and his crew break up the attack and return to the stranded ship . They lighten their load to float off the rocks and carry out repairs to the hull , but Jack discovers Ann has been kidnapped . On the island , Ann is hung from a primitive drawbridge on the side of the wall . The crew comes armed , but is too late as Kong takes Ann into the jungle . But as time passes in her captivity , Ann manages to entertain and win over Kong with juggling and dancing , and begins to grasp Kongs ' great intelligence and capacity for emotion . Captain Englehorn organizes a rescue party to find Ann and hunt down the beast . The rescue party is caught up in a Venatosaurus pack 's hunt of Apatosaurus , and Herb ( [ [ John Sumner , the cameraman , is killed along with three sailors . The rest of the rescue party come across a swamp where Bruce Baxter and two others leave the group . The landing party survivors make their way across a giant fallen log , whereupon Kong arrives and attacks , shaking them off the log into a ravine . He returns to rescue Ann from three Vastatosaurus Rex , and takes her up to his mountain lair . Englehorn and the rest of the crew save what is left of the rescue party from the pit of giant insects , and as Jack decides to continue to search for Ann , Carl decides to capture Kong . Jack goes to Kong 's lair , waking him . As Kong fights a swarm of flying Terapusmordax , Ann and Jack escape by grabbing the wing of one of the bats and then jumping into a river . They arrive at the village wall with the angry Kong following them , and Ann becomes distraught by what Carl plans to do . Kong bursts through the gate and struggles to get her back , but he is eventually knocked out by chloroform . In New York , in the late winter of 1933 - upon the unintentionally triumphant return of the expedition - a now feted and successful Carl presents a chained Kong the Eighth Wonder of the World on Broadway , starring Baxter and an imprisoned Kong . Ann has become an anonymous chorus girl and a double of her is no replacement in Kong 's eyes . Camera flashes from photographers enrage the gorilla . Kong breaks free from his chrome - steel chains and chases Jack across town , where he encounters Ann again . They share a quiet moment on a frozen lake in Central Park , Kong joyfully entranced by his first experience of ice and snow , before the army unexpectedly attacks . Kong climbs with Ann onto the dome of the Empire State Building , where he fights off a flight of six Curtiss Falcon fighter planes sent to attack him , downing three of them . Ultimately , Kong is hit by several bursts of gunfire from the surviving planes , and gazes at a distraught Ann for the last time before falling off the building to his death . Ann is greeted by Jack , and the reporters gather around Kong 's carcass . Carl takes one last look and says , " It was n't the airplanes . It was Beauty killed the Beast . "
Archibald negative Andrew ; Jennie positive Andrew ; Archibald negative Jennie ; Jennie neutral Lea <$> Hugo Archibald is a doctor and brings home a wide variety of exotic animal species . The latest animal he brings home is a chimpanzee named Jennie . Dr. Archibald is not home very much , and Andrew feels he does not care about him . And Lea his wife does not want Jennie , and says she makes trouble . But the children take an instant liking to her . Jennie is unique in that she is learning to use and understand sign language . Jennie becomes an important part of Archibald family and Dr. Archibald 's son , Andrew develops a close relationship with her . Jennie loves the things Andrew does , such as baseball and comic books . Jennie is also there for Andrew when he and his father disagree . A doctor Pamela Prentiss starts training with Jennie . She does not agree with the way Jennie is being cared for , and is seen as being rude to the Archibald family . She teaches Jennie sign language in a way that Jennie does not understand , but Lea finds a way she understands . Dr. Prentiss tried to convince Hugo to admit Jennie in the science lab where she works , but Hugo declines . But when Jennie starts making trouble , such as taking all the mail from the mailman , and eating the neighbors tulips , she is taken to court and admitted into a science lab . But then they decide to return Jennie to Africa , where she was found . The relationship between Jennie and Andrew eventually brings the whole family closer together .
Milner negative Morgana <$> Every hundred years , the evil Morgana returns to claim Fingall 's talisman from the wizard Merlin , with which she intends to destroy the world . For the last fourteen hundred years she has failed ... now she intends to conquer all . Young Ben Clark moves with his parents to a new town , where he befriends his elderly magician neighbor , Milner . Ben has a natural talent for magic and wants to learn all that he can from this old man . Ben carries the same scar as the original staff - bearer 1,400 years before . Both Morgana and Milner , who is revealed to be Merlin , see this as a sign that this time , the battle between good and evil will be stronger and harder than ever . Ben must make his own choice between good and evil as he is drawn into a battle and must draw on his own spirit and magic to decide which path to follow and hence , the fate of the world as we know it .
Nick positive Kate ; Mercer positive Kate <$> Kate is struggling in the advertising business in New York ; she can not move forward despite her talent . Her boss , Mr. Mercer , passes her up for a promotion because she is " not stable enough " . Her co-worker , Darcy , invents a story claiming Kate is engaged to Nick , a freelance videographer who lives in Massachusetts , with whom Kate had her picture taken during a friend 's wedding . All seems to work out well for Kate . After Nick saves a little girl from a fire and winds up in the news , Kate is forced to bring her alleged fiancé to dinner with Mercer and his wife . She asks Nick to " break up " with her . Nick , who already likes Kate , complies to please Kate . Meanwhile , Sam , a colleague that Kate had always wanted , takes notices of her . They have sex twice . As Kate and Nick get to know each other , she starts to like him . The night of the dinner arrives and Kate and Nick are prepared for their " big fight " . But , Nick tries to suppress the " fight " by complimenting her and expressing the desire for a future with Kate . However , Kate just wants the " fight " to happen . At the dinner table , Kate tries to drive Nick into a fight but it does n't work . She pays a restaurant employee to call her number and tries to make it seem like Nick is having an affair with an ex-girlfriend . At first Nick is a bit lost but figures it out and finally plays along . After a week , feeling guilty , Kate admits to Mercer her cover - up , stating that she was dressing for the job she wanted , repeating a line that Mercer had used on her earlier regarding her instability . Mercer pays a visit to Kate 's office , where she tells him she 's quitting . Mercer counters by admitting to her how he exaggerated his own past at one point in his life , and suggests she take a few days off to go to Massachusetts and patch things up with Nick . Kate walks in while Nick is recording a wedding , and he rebuffs her attempts to patch things up until she humiliates herself in front of the soon - to - be-married couple , as Nick did in front of her boss earlier . Satisfied that the playing field has been leveled , he invites her to the wedding reception as his guest . They make up after Kate accepts .
Miller negative Ryan ; TEC negative Miller <$> This sequel is set in 2025 , about 20 years after the original Timecop . At that time , the Time Enforcement Commission , the agency that monitors time travel , is still working strong . However , as a check & balance to TEC , a " Historical Society of Authenticity " is established to ensure that TEC personnel do not alter history . However , the Society 's leader , Brandon Miller , believes he has the responsibility to change history based on a " moral obligation to right the wrongs of the past " and plans to do so by traveling back to Berlin during the Nazi era and killing Adolf Hitler to make the world better . Ryan Chan is sent to stop him , but in the fight that ensues , Miller 's wife ends up dead when she attempts to shoot Hitler . Miller is arrested and put in prison for trying to change history and Ryan Chan has been arresting Miller 's close Society members at present day . However , one of the TEC agents , on his own , attempts to visit his younger self and violates the physical law " same matter ca n't occupy the same space " . The TEC officer comes back to present day with his younger self merged in his body , and without his existence , a key Brandon Miller Society associate was n't arrested and it allows Miller to be sprung from prison . Miller then sets out to eliminate all TEC operatives by traveling in time and killing their ancestors , making it so that they never even existed . That way he would effectively prevent anyone from stopping him . Eventually , Ryan Chan is the only one left that can stop Miller before he gets to him .
Ned positive Jackie ; Maurice neutral he ; Michael positive Jackie ; Michael positive Ned ; Maurice positive Jackie <$> When word reaches Jackie O'Shea and Michael O'Sullivan ( [ [ David Kelly , two elderly best friends , that someone in their tiny Irish village of 52 people in Tulaigh Mhór has won the Irish National Lottery 's Lotto game , they , along with Jackie 's wife Annie , go to great lengths to find the winner so they can share the wealth . After a chicken - dinner plot to narrow down their list of suspects , they pay a midnight visit to the only absentee : the reclusive Ned Devine . They find Ned in his home , still holding the ticket in his hand , a smile on his face and dead of shock . Jackie is later convinced by a dream that the deceased Ned wants to share the winnings with his friends , as he has no family to claim the ticket . Elsewhere in the village , Maggie O'Toole continues to spurn the romantic interests of her old flame , " Pig " Finn , a local pig farmer . Finn is convinced they belong together , as he thinks he is the father of her son Maurice , but she can not abide him due to his ever present odour of pigs . After discovering that the lottery winnings are far greater than anticipated , Jackie and Michael are forced to involve the entire village in fooling the claim inspector . All but one of the villagers enter a pact to pretend that Ned is alive and well , by having Michael pose as him , even to the point of pretending Ned 's funeral is a service for Michael when the claim inspector wanders into the church . However , the local curmudgeon , Lizzie Quinn , decides not to enter the pact and plans to report the fraud , thus receiving ten percent of the lottery share . As the villagers celebrate their winnings at the local pub , she attempts to phone the lottery office from a phone box outside the village . Before she can deliver her message , though , the departing claim inspector loses control of his car , forcing an oncoming van to crash into the phone box , sending it plummeting off a tall cliff and crashing to the ground below with Quinn still inside . At the celebration , Jackie spots Maggie , who is content that Finn is going to give up pig farming to marry her now that he can afford to . Jackie approves , adding that Maurice needs a father in his life . " More than seven million pounds ? " she asks , nodding to her son . She then reveals that Maurice is related to Ned , but does not reveal how , stating , " Ned does have a family , Jackie " . { { cite web } } Jackie urges her to claim the entire fortune , but Maggie is sure that Maurice needs a father more and the villagers need the money . The film closes with Jackie , Michael , and several others standing on a hill and raising their glasses to Ned , toasting him for his gift to the village .
her neutral Rose <$> A house owned by a church to be sold to fund the day care center 's need of major remodeling . The pastor enlists three women to take on the project : Birdie , Rose , and Elizabeth . Initially they want to hire someone to do it all , but as their budget is limited , they realize they must to do it themselves . As they remodel the decrepit house , Elizabeth discovers her marriage is over , Birdie deals with her husband 's retirement , and Rose copes with the news that her husband , has been diagnosed with cancer . They also make unlikely friendships with men at the local hardware store , and their intimidating neighbor , Junior .
Hal negative Chandra ; Floyd positive Bowman ; Leonov neutral Hal <$> Nine years earlier , the American Discovery One 's mission to Jupiter mysteriously failed . As depicted in 2001 : A Space Odyssey , Discoverys HAL 9000 computer &mdash; or " Hal " &mdash; malfunctioned , killing four astronauts . The fifth , David Bowman , disappeared into a large , alien Monolith orbiting the planet . Bowman 's last transmission before his disappearance was the cryptic line " My God ! It 's full of stars ! " Back on Earth , Heywood Floyd , head of the National Council on Astronautics , received the blame for the failure and left the NCA . Since then he has been the Chancellor of the University of Hawaii . While diplomatic tensions are growing between the United States and the Soviet Union , both nations prepare space missions to determine what happened to the Discovery . Although the Soviet ship , the Alexei Leonov , will be ready before the American ship , the Soviets need American astronauts to help board the Discovery and investigate Hal 's malfunction . The US government agrees to a joint mission since it has been determined that Discovery will crash into Jupiter 's moon Io before its ship is ready . Floyd , along with Discovery designer Walter Curnow and HAL 9000 's creator Dr. Chandra , join the Russian mission . Upon Leonovs arrival at Jupiter , Captain Tanya Kirbuk and the other Soviets wake Floyd early from his hibernation because they have detected the presence of chlorophyll and other chemical signatures of life on Jupiter 's frozen moon Europa . An unmanned probe is sent from the Leonov to investigate the readings coming from Europa , but just as it finds the source , a mysterious energy burst destroys the probe as well as all telemetry data recorded by it . The " burst " then flies at great speed towards Jupiter . Though the Soviet crew believes the burst was simply electromagnetic radiation , Floyd suspects that it was actually a warning to stay away from Europa . After surviving a dangerous aerocapture through Jupiter 's upper atmosphere , the Leonov crew find the Discovery , abandoned but undamaged , orbiting the planet close to Io . Curnow reactivates the ship and Chandra restarts Hal , which Dave Bowman had deactivated shortly before he disappeared . Also close by is the alien Monolith that was the purpose of the Discovery mission . Cosmonaut Max Brailovsky travels to the Monolith in an EVA pod , at which point the Monolith temporarily reopens to allow Dave Bowman , now a being of pure energy , to return to Earth ; Max is swept away when the Monolith opens and is never seen again . On Earth , Dave Bowman , now an incorporeal being but with all the memories of his former human self , appears on his widow 's television screen and wishes her farewell . He also visits his terminally ill mother in a nursing home and brushes her hair just before she dies peacefully . Back on the Discovery , Chandra discovers the reason for Hal 's malfunction : The NSC ordered the computer to conceal from Discoverys crew the fact that the mission was about the Monolith . This conflicted with Hal 's basic function of open , accurate processing of information , causing him to suffer a mental breakdown . This was done without Floyd 's knowledge , even though the order bears his signature , outraging Floyd . On Earth , tensions between the United States and Soviet Union escalate to what is " technically a state of war " , and the US government orders Floyd , Curnow , and Chandra to move into Discovery . Both crews plan to leave Jupiter separately when a launch window opens in several weeks . However , Bowman appears and tells Floyd that everybody must leave Jupiter space within two days because " something wonderful " is going to happen . Floyd , shocked to the core by Bowman 's appearance , returns to the Leonov to talk to Kirbuk , but then the Monolith suddenly disappears and a growing black spot appears on Jupiter itself . The spot is actually a vast group of Monoliths that are constantly multiplying . The Monoliths begin shrinking Jupiter 's volume , increasing the planet 's density , and modifying the chemical properties of its atmosphere . This convinces the two crews that they must leave soon . Since neither ship can reach Earth with an early departure , they work together to use the Discovery as a booster rocket for the Leonov . Tension arises when Hal is not told that the Discovery will be left stranded in space , and possibly destroyed , and Chandra fears that another deception may cause Hal to malfunction again . During the launch countdown , Chandra finally tells the computer the truth . Hal agrees that he must sacrifice himself for the human beings onboard Leonov to complete Discoverys mission , and thanks Chandra for telling him the truth . As Leonov and Discovery launch away , Bowman appears once again to Hal and tells him that their mission has been a success and repeats that " something wonderful " is going to happen . He commands Hal to break his communication link with the Leonov and to repeatedly broadcast a final message to Earth : { { samp } } Jupiter is engulfed by monoliths , which increase its density to the point that nuclear fusion occurs , transforming the planet into a small star . Discovery is consumed in the blast , but the Leonov breaks away and begins its long journey home . The new star 's miraculous appearance later inspires American and Soviet leaders to seek peace . Over the centuries that follow , Europa gradually transforms from an icy wasteland to a humid jungle covered with plant life . A Monolith stands in the primeval Europan swamp , waiting for intelligent life forms to find it .
Martha neutral her ; Fairley neutral her ; Gregg positive her <$> In early 1900s England , a young widow , Lucy Muir , moves to the seaside village of Whitecliff and into Gull Cottage with her daughter Anna and her maid Martha , despite the fierce disapproval of her mother - and sister - in - law . She rents the house despite discovering that the house is haunted . On the first night , she is visited by the ghostly apparition of the former owner , a roguish , but harmless sea captain named Daniel Gregg , who reluctantly promises to make himself known only to her ; Anna is too young for ghosts . When Lucy 's investment income dries up , he dictates to her his memoirs , entitled Blood and Swash . His racy recollections make the book a bestseller , allowing Lucy to stay in the house . During the course of writing the book , they fall in love , but as both realise it is a hopeless situation , Daniel tells her she should find a real man . When she visits the publisher in London she becomes attracted to suave Miles Fairley , a writer of children 's stories known as " Uncle Neddy " who helps her obtain an interview . Despite a rocky beginning , the publisher agrees to publish the captain 's book . Fairley follows her back to Whitecliff and begins a whirlwind courtship . Captain Gregg , initially jealous of their relationship , decides finally to disappear and cease being an obstacle to her happiness . He convinces her that he was all a dream whilst she sleeps . Shortly thereafter while visiting her publisher in London , Lucy pays a surprise visit to Fairley 's home and discovers that not only is Miles already married with two children , but that this sort of thing has happened before with other women . Lucy leaves heartbroken and returns to spend the rest of her life as a single woman in Gull Cottage with Martha to look after her . About ten years later , Anna returns with her Navy lieutenant fiancé and tells her mother that she knew about Captain Gregg and Miles Fairley all the time , rekindling faint memories in her mother of the captain . Lucy spends a long peaceful life at the cottage . Captain Gregg appears before her at the moment of her death – reaching out , he lifts her young spirit free of her body . The two walk out of the front door arm in arm , into the mist .
Wei negative Yung <$> A man called Pu Yung Tsai lives with his cousin who is a student Feng Shui and Mao Shan . Pu Yung Tsai buys an antique desk from a from a second - hand shop and inside is a suicide letter written by a young woman called Wei Hsiao Tieh . Pu Yung Tsai replies to the letter and gives up 3 years of his life , so the woman is able to come back to earth and get away from her forced marriage . Then Pu Yung Tsai splits up with his girlfriend May because he caught her having an affair . Pu Yung Tsai then begins a relationship with the Wei Hsiao Tieh . Afterwards May wants to get back together with Pu Yung Tsai because her rich boyfriend has dumped her . She stages a suicide for Pu Yung Tsai benefit but it backfires and she dies . < ref name | first | titlehttp : / / www.imdb.com/title/tt0089238/plotsummary | date | publisher24 September 2011 } } She then returns as a ghost in a night club and Pu Yung Tsai , his cousin , his cousin 's master and his friend attempted to get rid of her spirit . She chases them all around the club trying to kill them but then Wei Hsiao Tieh turns up after making a deal with her husband to go back to him , if he will get rid of May 's ghost . The husband then turns up and eats May and then returns back to his own realm .
Teddy negative Eddie ; Roger positive Eddie ; Acme negative Roger ; Acme negative Herman ; Acme neutral Eddie ; Jessica negative Eddie <$> In 1947 , cartoon characters , commonly called " toons " , are living beings who act out cartoons in the same way that human actors make live - action production . Toons interact freely with humans and live in Toontown , an area near Hollywood , California . R. K. Maroon is the human owner of Maroon Cartoon studios ; Roger Rabbit is a fun - loving toon rabbit , one of Maroon 's stars ; Roger 's wife Jessica is a gorgeous toon woman ; and Baby Herman is Roger 's costar , a 50 - year - old toon who looks like an infant . Marvin Acme is the practical joke - loving owner of Toontown and the Acme Corporation . Maroon hires private detective Eddie Valiant to investigate rumors that Jessica is having an affair . Eddie and his brother Teddy used to be friends of the toon community , but Eddie has hated them , and has been drinking heavily , since his brother Teddy was killed by a toon a few years earlier . When he shows Roger photographs of Jessica " cheating " on him by playing patty - cake with Acme , Roger becomes distraught and runs away . This makes him the main suspect when Acme is found murdered the next day . At the crime scene , Eddie meets Judge Doom and his Toon Patrol of weasel henchmen . Although toons are impervious to physical abuse , Doom has discovered that they can be killed by submerging them in a mixture of solvents he refers to as " Dip . " Baby Herman insists that Acme 's will , which is missing , bequeaths Toontown to the toons . If the will is not found by midnight , Toontown will be sold to Cloverleaf Industries , which recently bought the Pacific Electric system of trolley cars . One of Eddie 's photos shows the will in Acme 's pocket , proving Baby Herman 's claim . After Roger shows up at his office professing his innocence , Eddie investigates the case with help from his girlfriend Dolores while hiding Roger from the Toon Patrol . Jessica tells Eddie that Maroon blackmailed her into compromising Acme , and Eddie learns that Maroon is selling his studio to Cloverleaf . Maroon explains to Eddie that Cloverleaf will not buy his studio unless they can also buy Acme 's gag - making factory . His plan was to use the photos to blackmail Acme into selling . Before he can say more , he is killed by an unseen assassin and Eddie sees Jessica fleeing the scene . Thinking that she is the killer , Eddie pursues her into Toontown . When he finds her , she explains that Doom killed Maroon and Acme in an attempt to take over Toontown . Eddie , Jessica , and Roger are captured by Doom and his weasels and held at the Acme Factory , where Doom reveals his plan . Since he owns Cloverleaf and Acme 's will has yet to turn up , he will take control of Toontown and destroy it with a mobile Dip - sprayer to make room for a freeway , then force people to use it by dismantling the trolley fleet and make a fortune through a series of businesses built to appeal to the motorists . With Roger and Jessica tied up , Eddie performs a vaudeville act that makes the weasels literally die of laughter and confronts Doom . Doom survives being run over by a steamroller , revealing that he himself is a toon and admitting that he killed Teddy . Eddie eventually dissolves Doom in Dip by opening the drain on the Dip machine . As toons and the police arrive , Eddie discovers that an apparently blank piece of paper on which Roger wrote a love poem to Jessica is actually Acme 's will , written in disappearing / reappearing ink . Eddie kisses Roger — proving that he has regained his sense of humor — and the toons celebrate their victory .
Dibakar positive Panchugopal ; Dibakar neutral Panchu ; Raima neutral Panchu ; Raima negative Rahul <$> Obelay Gorom Bhaat is a comic film and its story revolves round five intimate friends – Panchugopal Mitra , Rustam , Banabihari Das , Dibakar and Sardarji Abnit Singh . Dibakar stays with his daughter and son - in - law , bachelor Panchu stays with his sister and her daughter Runi and the others have their own families . They go to morning walk together in order to watch beautiful girls ’ but bachelkor Panchugopal Mitra is strict and an exception among them . The rest four friends realize that Panchu is being like a dictator and insults them unnecessarily . One evening they get drunk and give slangs against Panchu , but when police arrests them Panchu comes and rescues them . We can see Kharaj Mukherjee here in a short role of a police officer Badan Pramanick . As Panchu ’s sister and her daughter who stay with him are going to attempt a marriage ceremony he decides to go to Digha with friends . Due to family problem four of them deny to go then Panchu decides to go alone . But as soon as reaches the room no. 202 in hotel See View in Digha , he finds Miss Raima coming out of bathroom and seducing him . Confused Panchu drives her out of his room but later brings her back after rescuing from a few goons . He feels Raima as his daughter and thinks if he can change her . In this mean time , the four musketeers arrive at Digha and make fun of Panchu . Later they disclose that it ’s a plan to send a call girl at his room . Panchu gets upset and the other four feels sorry . When five of them together decide that they will help the girl to live modest life . Miss Raima tells them her story – how she came to Kolkata leaving her father ’s house to become an actress . From Roma she became Miss Raima , she confesses its her first assignment and she is not a professional . Her boyfriend Rahul is also struggling to become a director . To help the couple the five ex-servicemen decide to contribute 20 lakhs rupees each and produce a film named “ Obelay Gorom Bhaat ” . In that film Rahul will make the debut as a director and Raima as an actress .
Joe negative Farnsworth ; Julia positive Farnsworth ; Farnsworth positive Rams ; Joe positive Jarrett ; Joe neutral Jordan <$> Joe Pendleton , a backup quarterback for the American football team Los Angeles Rams , is looking forward to leading his team to the Super Bowl . He is riding a bicycle through the Mulholland Drive tunnel under Sepulveda Boulevard in Los Angeles when he collides with a truck . An over-anxious guardian angel on his first assignment plucks Joe out of his body early in the mistaken belief that his death is imminent , and Pendleton arrives in the afterlife . Once there , he refuses to believe that his time was up , and upon investigation , the mysterious Mr. Jordan discovers that he is right ; he was not destined to die until much later . Unfortunately , his body has already been cremated , so a new body must be found . After rejecting several possibilities , Joe is finally persuaded to accept the body of millionaire industrialist Leo Farnsworth . Farnsworth has just been drugged and drowned in his bathtub by his wife Julia and her lover , Farnsworth 's personal secretary , Tony Abbott . Julia and Tony are naturally confused when Farnsworth reappears , alive and well . Leo Farnsworth buys the Los Angeles Rams in order to lead them to the Super Bowl as their quarterback . In order to succeed , he must first convince , and then secure the aid of , long - time friend and trainer Max Corkle to get his new body into shape . At the same time , he falls in love with an environmental activist , Betty Logan , who disapproves of Farnsworth 's policies and actions . As the film 's plotline heads toward the Super Bowl , the characters all face a crisis . Julia and Abbott continue their murderous plans , and Abbott shoots Farnsworth dead . The Rams are forced to start another quarterback , Thomas Jarrett , in the climactic football game . After a brutal hit on the field , Jarrett is himself killed . With Mr. Jordan 's help , Joe then occupies his final body , that of Jarrett . Joe , in Jarrett 's body , is shown leading the Rams to victory . During the team 's post-game victory celebration , Mr. Jordan removes Joe 's memory of his past life and departs . Joe becomes Thomas Jarrett and the cosmic balance is restored ; the winning quarterback , Jarrett , is shown meeting Betty after the celebrations have ended , and as the film ends it is strongly implied that they are falling in love as a result of a mutual sense of déjà vu .
Kate negative Lord ; Millie negative Kate ; Millie positive Merton ; Kate neutral Merton <$> In early 1900s London , England , Kate Croy lives under the careful watch of her domineering Aunt Maude , who is determined that the young woman does not follow in the path of her recently deceased mother , whose dissolute husband , Lionel , squandered her wealth in order to support his opium addiction . Maude wants Kate to marry the well - off Lord Mark , who has a title and estates , despite the fact that Kate does not love him . Kate is dependent on her wealthy aunt 's goodwill , but abandons her plans to defy her aunt when she is reminded that her father is at Maud 's mercy as well . Kate 's boyfriend , the financially struggling muckraking journalist Merton Densher , wants to marry her , but is skeptical of Kate 's intentions despite her pleas for him to wait as she tries to find a way out of her dilemma . One day , Kate is introduced by Lord Mark to the wealthy and outgoing American orphan and heiress Millie Theale , who is on an extended trip through Europe with her best friend Susan Stringham , and the cynical Kate is captivated by Millie 's beauty , openness , and amusement at the conventions of society . Millie invites Kate to accompany her and Susan to Venice . Prior to their departure , Millie meets Merton , with whom she is smitten , and she asks him to join them as well . Lord Mark secretly reveals to Kate that Millie is terminally ill , and that he desires Kate but has to marry Millie to avoid losing his estates . Knowing Millie is repulsed by Lord Mark 's crudity , she decides to emulate his scheme and persuade Merton to woo Millie ; she fully expects Millie 's generous nature will lead her to include Merton in her will , making him wealthy enough to satisfy her aunt and allow them to marry . He despises her scheme but ca n't resist the opportunity to be in Venice with Kate . Kate becomes so jealous of the genuine affection growing between Merton and Millie that she lures him away one night , abandoning Millie in a crowd . Millie confronts her the next morning and Kate realizes she must leave , without warning Merton , if her scheme is to succeed . What neither she nor Merton anticipate is how things will change when she is gone . Some months later , following Millie 's death in Venice , Kate comes to Merton 's flat . She asks why he has not come to see her and finds a letter , telling Merton that Millie did indeed bequeath a sizeable portion of her estate to him . He tells Kate that he will not take the money , and she must marry him without it , if she will . She agrees , and they make love . But afterwards , Kate asks him to tell her that he is not still in love with Millie , or his memory of her , and he can not . So Merton returns to Venice , alone .
Nunchaku negative Meka ; Long positive Rio ; Long negative Meka <$> The story begins when Geki Red battles Nunchaku Banki after returning from his trip around the world for Natsume 's birthday , with Geki Yellow and Geki Blue arriving to provide backup . After sending the Gekirangers into another dimension , the Go - ongers arrive before the Savage Machine Beast departs after his quarry . After clearing a misunderstanding with Geki Violet and Geki Chopper , the two bring them to SCRTC to see Master Xia Fu , with Hant revealing he met Miki at one of his past jobs at the Kyoryuya Curry Shop . After taking Xia Fu to the site , realizing the Gaiark are after Dōkokugan , he opens the path for them to follow as the Gekirangers are overwhelmed by Nunchaku Banki , who demands the sealed Long from Jyan . After the Gekirangers ' reunion and meeting the Go - ongers , they take out the Ugats and overwhelm Nunchaku Banki . In retaliation , he steals the Engine Souls as the Pollution Ministers arrive with the mastermind of their scheme , Meka , who reveals himself as the last of Rinjū Hall 's fighters . Using the Engine Souls as his hostages , Meka tricks Jyan in giving up the Dōkokugan to save the Engine Souls before sending the Rangers back to their world . As Meka pounds the Dōkokugan into a Engine Soul that is implanted into Nunchaku Banki , the Gekirangers attempt to teach the Go - ongers the ways of the Gekijūken style . Nunchaku Banki arrives to test his new - found power with Meka overseeing it to take in the suffering . The Go - on Wings arrive to take the two trouble makers out of the city before fighting them with what they learned from Gorie . Although he was unable to endure Jyan 's teachings , Go - on Red runs to Hiroto and Miu 's aid as he battles Nunchaku Banki and gets Speedor back with his newly - acquired Engine Ken . After mastering their own Engine Ken style , the other Go - ongers arrive to support Go - on Red and Geki Red while getting back their Engine Souls . After scrapping Nunchaku Banki , the Pollution Ministers retreat to have Meka fend for himself . However , Long breaks from his seal , discarding his robot vessel with intent to get his revenge to be completely free . However , the Go - on Wings arrive with the resurrected Rio and Mele to turn the tables as Long converts Nunchaku Banki into a new form for him in inhabit , Long Banki . While the reds and Rio battle Long Banki , Mere and the Go - on Wings deal with Meka before the teams use a Super-Super Special combo on them . Although Meka is destroyed , Long Banki enlarges with Engine - Oh G9 and Geki Rin Tohja Wolf fighting him ; Bae would return all the way from India to give commentary . Although the teams are initially overpowered by the immortal , Engine - Oh G12 and Saidai Geki Rin Tohja are formed and manage to destroy Long Banki with Long resealed . After giving the Dōkokugan back to Jyan , Rio and Mele depart for purgatory , with Rio telling Jyan he has n't forgotten his promise . The movie ends with both teams throwing a birthday party for Natsume later that night .
Dottie negative Chris ; Chris negative Joe ; Dottie negative Joe <$> Finding himself in considerable debt , Chris Smith , a Texan drug dealer , decides the only solution is to murder his mother to collect the insurance money . Conspiring with his father , Ansel , the ex-husband of Chris ' mother , they decide to hire " Killer Joe " Cooper , a police detective who has a parallel career as a contract killer . They plan to give the money to Chris ' sister Dottie , who Chris thinks is the beneficiary of the mother 's life insurance policy . Chris is unable to front Killer Joe 's fee . However , Chris agrees that Joe can take Dottie as a retainer until the insurance comes through . Acting upon the retainer , Killer Joe carries out the contract on Chris ' mother . After the killing , it is discovered that Rex , her boyfriend , provided false information about the life insurance policy and that he is the actual beneficiary . Also , Chris ' step - mother , Sharla , who is also involved with Rex , pushed Chris into hiring Killer Joe . When he discovers this , Killer Joe confronts Rex , kills him , and recovers the insurance check . Chris , knowing that he will be Killer Joe 's next target , quickly makes plans to escape to Peru with Dottie . In the final scene , Killer Joe arrives at the Chris ' trailer and violently confronts Sharla , forcing her to admit that she and Rex conspired against Chris and left him at the mercy of Killer Joe . Since the family is unable to pay his fee , Killer Joe intends to take Dottie as agreed . When Chris arrives and threatens Killer Joe with a gun , the two struggle . In the subsequent confusion , Dottie recovers the gun and shoots Chris , killing him and mortally wounding their father . Dottie turns the gun on Killer Joe , telling him that she is pregnant . Killer Joe feigns enthusiasm as he inches closer to Dottie . The film ends as Dottie moves her finger back on the trigger .
Mitch negative Sam ; his negative Mitch <$> Growing up , friends Mitch Weaver and Sam McKenna are taught by Sam 's hard - nosed dad Pops McKenna not to " take crap from anyone " . To that end , the pair plant a bunch of guns on a bully and have him arrested for gun possession and catch a kid - fondling crossing guard in the act with glue . As adults , after losing fourteen jobs in three months and being dumped by his girlfriend , Mitch moves in with Sam and Pops , who then has a heart attack . In the hospital , Pops confides that , because of their parents ' swinging lifestyle , he is also Mitch 's father . Even though Pops ' heart is failing , Dr. Farthing , a hopeless gambler , will only raise his position on the transplant waiting list if he is paid $ 50,000 , to save him from his bookie . Mitch and Sam get jobs in a cinema with an abusive manager and exact their revenge by showing " Men In Black " to a packed house . The other workers congratulate them and suggest they go into business . Mitch and Sam open " Dirty Work " , a revenge - for - hire business . Mitch falls for a woman named Kathy who works for a shady used car dealer . After publicly embarrassing the dealer during a live TV commercial , the duo exacts increasingly lucrative reprisals for satisfied customers until they interfere with unscrupulous local property developer Travis Cole . Cole tricks them into destroying " his " apartment building , promising to pay them enough to save Pops . Afterwards , Cole reneges , revealing that he is not the owner and that he had them vandalize the building so that he could buy it cheaply , evict the tenants , and build a parking lot for his luxurious new opera house . Unknown to Cole , Mitch 's " note to self " { { cite book } } ' mini-tape recorder captures this confession . Mitch and Sam plot their revenge on Cole , using the tape to set up an elaborate trap . Using skunks , an army of prostitutes , homeless men , a noseless friend , brownies with hallucinogenic additives , and Pops , they ruin the opening night of Don Giovanni , an opera sponsored prominently by Cole . With the media present , Mitch plays back Cole 's confession over the theater 's sound system . Cole sees that his public image is being tarnished and agrees to pay the $ 50,000 . In the end , Cole is punched in the stomach , arrested and jailed , his dog is raped by a skunk , Pops gets his operation , and Mitch gets the girl . Dr. Farthing overcomes his gambling habit but is beaten to death by bookies in the end .
Clark positive Lewis ; Hunt positive he <$> Leslie Edwards , a foppish , wealthy , high - society aristocrat , and the loud , low - brow Bartholomew Hunt are competing against the renowned Lewis & Clark to be the first to chart and make it across the United States to the Pacific Ocean . In the beginning of the film , Edwards has high hopes to head the first expedition to make it across the U.S. , but while he has ambition and funding , he has grown up sheltered and knows little of the wilderness he seeks to cross . To aid in his journey , he hires the services of a supposedly knowledgeable wilderness - man and tracker , Hunt , who , once they get underway , turns out to be less than advertised . Aided by a crew of varied , rugged and gristled frontiersmen , they are also joined by their group 's version of Sacagawea , a young Indian woman by the name Shaquinna , who is integral in helping them find their way across the dangerous and unknown terrain ahead , as well as , eventually becoming Edwards ' love interest . Along the way , the group goes through various mishaps and ordeals from having to deal with quirky , indigenous Indian tribes to vicious eagles , to running out of food and romantic snafus , as Hunt 's ineptness often causes more problems than it solves . Along the way , Edward and Hunt 's shared journey helps Edwards shed his aristocratic , snooty ways and learns camaraderie and honor , as well as a more humble view of a world he thought he understood . Hunt finds true friendship in Edwards and a sense of self - confidence he had not known before . After many hardships and setbacks , they eventually make it to the Pacific coast just minutes before Lewis and Clark 's expedition . Once the celebration is over , however , they find that they do n't necessarily want to go back to their old lives and collectively decide to continue their adventure , leading Edwards and Hunt 's expedition to further explore the great uncharted world .
Hector neutral Alysse <$> The central character of the film is Tommy Matisse ; his name combines the title of The Who 's 1969 rock opera Tommy and the last name of twentieth century French painter Henri Matisse . Tommy is a Melbourne boy studying at the Royal Academy of Music in London . He is a violinist and composer who hears music in unusual sources such as the ambient noises of a train in the London Underground or the chirping of crickets . He is a rebel against the traditions of classical music and displays this by bringing a homeless woman living in the Underground on stage for a concert . A sympathetic professor decides that he is the type of innovative artist needed to revive a dying opera artform . Having shocked opera 's establishment , he returns home to Melbourne on the death of his younger sister Emma , who suffers a fatal overdose after experimenting with drugs at a rave dance party . He discovers a CD of her own mixes and decides to enter the genre of electronic music to follow the path she was pursuing in the hopes of discovering more about his sister and how she became involved in this dance world . Emma 's death acts as a catalyst that drives Tommy and his girlfriend Alysse apart . In despair , Alysse falls prey to a sleazy entrepreneur named Hector Lee who owns a club called Trance - Zen - Dance and who is also a drug dealer . Hector Lee has a young assistant called Trig who is a VJ , and is always getting new footage and talent .
Laxman neutral Ram <$> Ram Kumar lives a wealthy lifestyle in Calcutta with his brother , Prashant and Parvati , his sister - in - law . Since his school - days he had befriended a young orphan named Laxman , who also lives with them . Years later , Ram and Laxman have grown up , and Laxman joins the Police Force . Impressed with Laxman 's dedication and diligence , the Police Commissioner assigns him to take down the crime empire of a notorious underworld don called Cobra . Laxman gets killed trying to arrest cobra and Ram swears to avenge Laxman 's death , and sets forth to seek Cobra . It is then Ram finds out that the man called Cobra may be Prashant himself . A series of double cross and deceit leads to a plot much more sinister than what Ram could have ever imagined . Is Prashant the real culprit or a victim of mistaken identity ? How will Ram annihilate Cobra and his crime empire ?
Lam positive Yeung ; Leung negative Lam <$> A major stock exchange in the world , Hong Kong attracts not only money but any who try to manipulate the market . At the Hong Kong Police Force Commercial Crime Bureau , an operation is underway to infiltrate a trading company , Feng Hua International where a man , nicknamed “ Boss ” is the chief suspect . The team of Criminal Intelligence Bureau officers , led by Inspector Leung together with Yeung and Lam , installs interception devices to monitor the company ’s communications . Yeung is a family man , has a wife , a daughter , and a son who is suffering from a serious illness and needs constant attention , while Lam , a young new comer to the team , is to be married to the daughter of a wealthy man . Leung is a calm experienced officer who is having an affair with Mandy who happens to be the wife of his friend Lee . One night , while monitoring a conversation between the company 's manager and his secretary , Yeung and Lam overhear that the stock price will surge on market opening the next day . Seeing an opportunity , Yeung asks Lam to delete the portion of the recording so he can take advantage of it . The next day , Lam opened an account at a stock brokerage house but was discovered by Leung . However , Lam has already invested in the stock on a deep loan . The stock rose quickly , but before the trio manages to sell it , trading was suspended due to unusual trading activity . Back in the operation center , the three of them overhear a plot of murder to the manager using a listening device planted unofficially . To report the intelligence would lead them to suspicion , and ruin their future , and Lam begs Leung not to report it . Having thought about it , Leung decides instead to stop the murder themselves . They ambush the murderer as he force - feeds the unconscious manager with pills to fake a death scene . Leung 's face , however , was briefly seen by the manager 's girlfriend , and this allows the " Boss " to track them down , seeking retribution , and organize the deaths of the Leung , Lam , Yeung , and his family . Because of Leung 's compassion for his subordinates mistakes , and unwillingness to turn them in and seek help from the rest of the police force , he was unable to stop their unnecessary deaths .
Bev neutral Gail ; Luke neutral Guy ; Victor negative Katie ; Luke positive Katie ; Angela negative Gail ; Katie neutral Gail ; Luke neutral Bev ; Bev positive Katie <$> Over-worked , harried and terrified of being put in foster care , seventeen - year - old Katie Gibbs does her stepmother and stepsiblings ' bidding with no complaints . She 's constantly harassed by Gail , her stepmother . The film starts in a dream where she records a music video for her hit single " Run This Town . " Victor then wakes her up and she makes breakfast . In the scene , it 's revealed how badly she 's treated by Gail , and her stepsister Beverly , also known as Bev . . At school , Guy Morgan , the owner at the Massive Records Company President enrolls his son into the school where Gail is headmistress . Katie sneaks her own - made tape into Guy 's briefcase . Guy wants his son , Luke , to produce the showcase and start following in his footsteps which Luke is less than excited about . Back at home , Bev , Katie 's stepsister , starts to practice singing so she can win a recording contract with Guy , but realizing she is terrible . Gail gets a call from Guy and is shocked to hear that he loves Katie 's Demo CD . Gail lies and says it was Bev 's demo CD and Katie stole it . Meanwhile , Victor , Katie 's stepbrother , steals her clothes while she showers and takes her towel , locking her outside of the house naked . Katie then tries all the ways she know to go back in , but fails . She ends up wearing the welcome mat while waiting outside , meeting Luke for the second time , who gives her his jacket . Bev opens the door and invites Luke in , while Gail goes to Katie 's room and forces her to sing . Gail drives Luke out of the house and starts planning to use Katie 's voice to get Bev a record deal . Bev , at first reluctant , gives in to Gail 's urging and agrees in order to win Luke 's affection . At school , Katie and her best friend Angela hear Luke singing his song and Katie is entranced . Katie writes a song in response to his song and admits she kind of likes him . Angela tells her to sing it to him at the Bollywood Ball that night and gives Katie a costume to wear . They hear Gail shouting outside and Angela hides just as Gail opens the door . Seeing the costume Katie has , Gail makes her stay home and babysit Victor for the night . After Victor reveals to Katie by hidden cameras , that Bev wants Luke and is going to try to win him over at the ball , she asks Ravi , Gail 's guru to watch him . Ravi reveals he 's not actually a guru but a method actor from New Jersey , named Tony , who could n't refuse Gail 's money and is only actually half Indian . At the party , Katie leads Luke outside and sings , which makes Luke fall for her . Meanwhile Angela distracts Gail by challenging her to a dance off . After the dance battle , Gail feels sick and leaves . Katie escapes and hurries home , only to find Gail already waiting for her . Gail threatens to expel Angela so she wo n't get into Juilliard if Katie does not sing for Bev , Katie agrees to save Angela . Luke tries to find " The Girl with a Beautiful Voice , " but instead walks in on Bev lip syncing using Katie 's voice in the music room and mistakes her for the girl . Luke falls for Bev and invites her to write a song with him . At the house , Luke is greeted by Victor and gives him a little guitar lesson after playing off - key , much to Victor 's surprise just wanting to see Bev . Katie reconnects with Luke and heads out to throw away Gail 's ruined painted portrait after Victor cut off the face with a special knife . Luke tells Katie he does n't like her disappearing . Bev sweeps him away and diverts his attention from Katie to her instead . She somehow gets Victor to help her trick Luke . Her brother gives her and Katie devices that allow Bev to hear Katie , so that she can help her during the date . Katie creates a song on the spot and while Luke sings her song to Bev , she falls harder for him . Bev and Luke kiss , breaking Katie 's heart . Victor tries to cheer Katie up , seeing her distress . Luke believes he is in love with Bev because of her voice and talent for song writing , which actually belong to Katie . At the showcase , Victor sabotages Bev in the middle of the song with Tony 's help , much to Katie 's shock , forcing Gail to make Katie sing live backstage . Luke sees Katie being dragged by Gail and questions her , eventually realizing it was Katie all along helping Bev write a song with him and on their date . Luke steals the camera and films Katie , having Bev exposed . Gail tries to shut the camera but is stopped by Tony , who shocks her with the cables . Katie finishes her hit song " Bless Myself " with Victor 's assistance . Guy tells Luke he wants him making Katie 's album with her . Gail escapes and tries to make Guy see reason , but fails . He says they 'll see what the schoolboard thinks when he " gives them a ring " . Katie and Luke then kiss . Bev tells Gail to " Give it up . " Gail is then seen singing Katie 's song " Make You Believe " at a ranch just to be laughed at by the people , a reference to a scene earlier in the movie of a similar situation . At the end of the film , the cast are all seen dancing to Katie 's hit song " Run This Town , " Tony chases Luke around for stealing his clothes for a funny gag .
Socrates neutral Billy <$> The film is set in Africa 's Okavango Delta , and the main characters are a meerkat named Billy and a lion named Socrates . The annual flood has failed to arrive in the Delta , water has become scarce and the native animals fiercely fight over it . Billy and Socrates set out to find more water , and during their quest they meet a rag - tag group of animals from across the world : a polar bear , a kangaroo , a Tasmanian devil , a pair of Galápagos tortoises and a French Rooster , all of whom have had their lives ruined by humans in some way and have travelled to Africa . The animals soon discover the reason for the lack of water in the Delta : a dam has been constructed to supply energy for a luxury resort . Humans kidnap Socrates and hold him captive in the resort , so Billy leads the animals in a plan to free Socrates and break the dam to bring water back to the Delta .
Hornblower negative Bunting ; Caroline positive Foster <$> Sir Edward Pellew , Captain of HMS Indefatigable decides to put his protégé , Horatio Hornblower , forward for the examination for lieutenant . Leading up to the exam , Hornblower faces many challenges . Spain has made peace with France and is no longer an ally of Britain – Spanish ships , although technically neutral , begin to attack British ships . Wreckage from one supply ship has already been found by HMS Indefatigable . Indefatigable finds three survivors ; among them is Captain " Dreadnought " Foster , a famously heroic officer who influences the ambitious Hornblower . Spain 's actions have deprived the Gibraltar fleet of its supplies leaving the captains no alternative but to cut rations by half . This leads seaman Bunting to commit theft , as his friend has died of scurvy and he fears going the same way . He was caught by Hornblower , reprimanded by Pellew and punished by being made to run the gauntlet . Soon a Mr Tapling from the diplomatic service arrives , and he and Hornblower head ashore to Oran , on the North African coast , to buy grain and cattle for the fleet . Soon it is discovered that this is a plague town and so Hornblower is appointed captain of the Caroline , a transport schooner , and spends his three weeks of mandatory quarantine at sea with the rations . Bunting had tried to escape in the longboat and get to shore but had been caught again by Hornblower , and now was his prisoner . Hornblower , short of hands on the Caroline but also keen to redeem Bunting , gives him a chance to prove his worth . Later , while they are ashore to load water , they are attacked by Spanish soldiers , and Bunting tries to escape again . Hornblower catches him , but Bunting forces Hornblower to shoot him . They return to the Caroline to discover that Captain Foster has arrived in HMS Dreadnought and has sent a boarding party to take cattle from the Caroline , which is still under quarantine . Hornblower manages to stop the boarding party just before their boat reaches Dreadnought , and he requests that Foster send both the meat and the boarding party back to the Caroline . Foster refuses and he appears angry with Hornblower . They return to HMS Indefatigable at Gibraltar , and Hornblower attempts his exam . He appears to be failing until a fire ship sails into the anchorage , and Hornblower and Foster go aboard and steer it clear of the fleet . Pellew remarks on Hornblower 's courage and he is allowed to keep his rank until the next exam . Indefatigable sails off into the distance .
Myrtle negative Gilpin <$> The body of Myrtle Gunsaulus , a young African American girl , is discovered in the basement of a New York City factory . Arthur Gilpin , the African - American janitor who discovered the body , is arrested and charged with her murder . Arthur ’s sister Ida May contacts her former boyfriend , the attorney Sidney Wyeth , to defend Gilpin in court . During the trial , Wyeth redirects attention for the murder away from Gilpin to Anthony Brisbane , a white man with a history of sexual deviancy . Gilpin is exonerated while Brisbane is revealed as Myrtle Gunsaulus ' killer .
Briley negative Gandhi <$> The screenplay of Gandhi is available as a published book . { { cite book | titleBriley | firstJohn Briley | yearGrove Press | location0 -394-62471-8 | urlHSWAPwAACAAJ & dqbriley83 / > { { rp } } and his funeral.one of whom assassinates him in a scene at the end of the film that recalls the opening.p . 179 , Briley . As Godse shoots Gandhi , the film fades to black and Gandhi is heard in a voiceover , saying " Oh God " . The audience then sees Gandhi 's cremation ; the film ending with a scene of Gandhi 's ashes being scattered on the holy Ganga.p . 180 , Briley ; in the movie / screenplay , the river is not identified . As this happens , we hear Gandhi in another voiceover : Here , the movie voiceover departs from Briley 's published screenplay , which reads : " There have been tyrants and murderers - and for a time they can seem invincible . But in the end they always fall . Think of it - always ... When you are in doubt that that is God 's way , the way the world is meant to be ... think of that . " { { cquote } } As the list of actors is seen at the end , the hymn " Vaishnava Janato " is heard .
Pete positive Peggy <$> Wishing to pursue a career as a jazz saxophonist , Pete Hammond Jr . takes a bus from his home in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , to New York City and optimistically begins looking for work . However , jobs are extremely hard to find . He crosses paths with Peggy Brown , a model and dancer who has become jaded and cynical after years of struggling to survive in the city . She has just been evicted from an apartment rented to Pete , and because she is penniless and has no home to return to , he offers to let her stay with him . She is forced to rely on his generosity , and as the two of them work at various low - paying jobs , they stay together in the apartment as friends . Peggy warns him that people ca n't be trusted , but Pete is encouraged when a band auditions him for a job . When the other musicians send him out for beer , Pete returns to find that they have stolen his instruments and that he is the victim of a scam . When Pete finds a part - time job on a cruise ship , he writes to Peggy every day . She is in debt to an abusive club owner , Nelly Miller , who strips Peggy of her dress and jewelry as a down payment and threatens her with violence . In love with Peggy and afraid for her , Pete gives up his wristwatch and saxophone to Nelly , who punches him as a further warning . Pete tells Peggy he loves her , so she agrees to tentatively begin a romantic relationship .
Southall positive her <$> Kiranjit Ahluwalia , a Punjabi woman , marries Deepak Ahluwalia in an arranged marriage and moves to Southall , UK with him to be closer to his family . Initially he seems caring and affectionate towards her but soon enough the true colours of her husband begin to show as Deepak gradually reveals a darker , threatening , and even sociopathic side of himself . After enduring ten years of abuse and having two children with him , Kiranjit , unable to bear the brutality and repeated rapes at the hands of her husband any longer , sets fire to his feet while he is sleeping , unintentionally killing him . Charged with murder , her case comes to the notice of a group of South Asian social workers running an under funded organization called the Southall Black Sisters . Kiranjit is sentenced to life imprisonment with possibility of parole in 12 years . She befriends her cellmate , a Caucasian woman named Veronica Scott , who teaches her English . Veronica is also friends with several girls in the prison and stands up for Kiranjit against the local prison bully . Veronica enlists her brother , Edward Foster QC , a highly respected Queen 's Counsel , to aide in Kiranjit 's appeal . Edward , in turn , realizes Kiranjit 's importance to his sister and the importance of her case . His sister 's request has additional meaning given that Veronica would not let him help her with her own appeal due to their on off relationship since childhood . Before Kiranjit 's appeal hearing the Southall Black Sisters bring her plight to the attention of the media by organizing rallies to gather public support for her freedom . She is ultimately freed by the judicial system in a landmark case called " R v Ahluwalia " , redefining provocation in cases of battered women in the UK . . Kiranjit is reunited with her children and subsequently given an award by Cherie Blair , for her crusade against domestic violence . At last , she leads a happy life with her children in UK .
his negative Brenda ; his negative her <$> Richard Cooper is a happily married man , professionally successful , perfectly content with his home life in suburban New York , his lovely wife Brenda , a teacher , and his two young children . There is one problem in his marriage : their sex life has stagnated , leaving Richard frustrated and sex - starved . At one point , Brenda accuses Richard of being on the down - low . During those dull days at the office , he occasionally fantasizes about other women , but never acts upon his impulses . An encounter with an attractive old friend , Nikki , suddenly casts doubt over his typically resilient self - control . At first she claims to just want to be his friend , but she begins to show up consistently at his Manhattan financial office just to talk or have lunch , which causes his boss , secretaries and peers to view him with varying degrees of contempt . When Nikki begins to deliberately seduce Richard , he does not know what to do . Against his better judgment , he flies with her out of town for one day on an errand , where he is beaten by her boyfriend , and returns too late to make a sales presentation at an important business meeting , causing the loss of a lucrative contract . Later , when she and her fiancé are about to move to Los Angeles , Nikki asks Richard to come to her apartment later to say a " proper goodbye . " When he gets to Nikki 's apartment , he finds her in her underwear in her bathroom . In the moments before it seems Richard will consummate his attraction to Nikki , he realizes how grave the loss of his wife and children would be , so he walks out on Nikki . Richard returns home , surprising his wife , and for the first time in the film , they begin to rebuild a genuine rapport , with a possible promise of good things to come .
Kubo positive Tanaka ; Ken positive Tanaka <$> The main character is a normal " Otaku no Videos story starts out , more or less , like most every anime about anime fans since then . Normal guy meets otaku and gets sucked into the world of cosplay , doujinshi and video games , and life as he knew it changes forever . " http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/buried-treasure/2007-11-15 Japanese male , Ken Kubo , living quite happily with his girlfriend Yoshiko and being a member of his college 's tennis team , until he meets one of his former friends from high school , Tanaka . After Tanaka brings him into his circle of friends , Kubo soon makes the wish to become the Otaking , the King of all the otaku . He manages to create his own model kits , open shops , and even build a factory in China . Later , he loses it all when one of his rivals takes control of his enterprise with Tanaka 's unwitting aid . But after Kubo and Tanaka make peace , teaming up with hard - working artist Misuzu , Kubo and friends successfully take over the anime industry with a magical girl show , " Misty May " . Once they have reached the peak of their ambitions , Ken and Tanaka create Otakuland , the equivalent of Disneyland for otaku " Urayasu City is where Tokyo Disneyland is located . " http://www.animeigo.com/liner/anime/otaku-no-video Many years later , Ken and Tanaka return to Otakuland in a post-apocalyptic submerged Japan and find its central structure , a giant robot , converted into a functional spaceship piloted by their old otaku friends . Miraculously rejuvenated , they fly off to space in search of the planet of Otaku . A controversial & humorous part of Otaku no Video was the inclusion of live - action documentary excerpts , titled " A Portrait of an Otaku " . In these segments , the documentary crew would interview an anonymous otaku , typically ashamed at being a fan and whose face are censored with a mosaic and have their voices digitally masked . The mock documentary segments serve as a counterpoint to the anime : while the anime emphasizes the camaradrie , creativity , and dreams of mainstream acceptance of otaku , the mock interviews exaggerate its negative qualities . The subjects run the gamut of the otaku subculture : the interviews cover a cosplayer who now works as a computer programmer and outright denies his cosplay days , even when presented with photographic evidence , but keeps his Char Aznable helmet in his desk drawer , an airsoft otaku , a garage kit otaku , and a shut - in who videorecords television programs for trade , but has not actually watched anything he 's recorded . The interviews also contain fans who engage in a range of illicit or unsavory activities , such as cel thieves , a pornography fan attempting to manufacture glasses to defeat the mosaic censorship common in Japanese porno videos and who is shown masturbating during the interview , and a computer gamer , who looks like Gainax member Hideaki Anno , obsessed with a character in a hentai computer game . It is believed that all the subjects in the Portrait of An Otaku segments were Gainax employees or connected to Gainax at the time of filming . " ... the acting is particularly hammy , and each person is actually a friend or employee of Gainax ... " http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/buried-treasure/2007-11-15 The first otaku interviewed bore a remarkable resemblance to Toshio Okada , a principal founder in Gainax , in both background and physical appearance . The gaijin otaku , Shon Hernandez , has been confirmed to have been Craig York , who with Shon Howell and Lea Hernandez , whose names were borrowed for the character " Shon Hernandez " is a combination of Shon Howell and Lea Hernandez , who , together with Craig York , were the core of General Products USA . " http://www.animeigo.com/liner/anime/otaku-no-video " , were the main staff of General Products USA , an early western branch of Gainax 's merchandising in the early 1990s . The interview with " Shon Hernandez " has been a point of contention with Lea Hernandez , who , in an interview with PULP magazine , noted that the interview was unscripted and that Craig York had been fairly sincere in his thoughts and had felt that Gainax insulted their American members.Lea Hernandez , " The Curse of Urusei Yatsura " , interview by PULP magazine , vol. 5 , no. 8 , pp. 28 – 9 . In the interview , the words spoken by Shon Hernandez in the background are noticeably different from what is shown on screen via subtitle . At FanimeCon 2003 , Hiroshi Sato , an animator and another Gainax member , mentioned that he had been in one of the interviews in Otaku no Video . In Otaku no Video , the garage kit otaku was given the pseudonym " Sato Hiroshi " for the interview .
Scooby negative Wickles ; Fred negative Daphne ; Howe negative Jacobo ; Jacobo negative Velma <$> Mystery Inc. ( Fred , Daphne , Velma , Shaggy and [ [ Scooby - Doo are attending the grand opening of the Coolsonian Criminology Museum , the premiere exhibit displaying the monster costumes of criminals they dealt with in past cases . However , the celebrations are cut short when the reanimated Pterodactyl Ghost attacks , controlled by the Evil Masked Figure , who boldly declares that Mystery Inc. will be destroyed . He escapes with his quarry and two monster costumes . Heather Jasper - Howe , a journalist , starts a smear campaign against the gang to discredit them . Velma finds a pterodactyl scale and analyses it , confirming it to be real . The gang conclude one of their old enemies is the masked man wanting revenge . They at first suspect their old enemy Jonathon Jacobo who was the original creator of the pterodactyl ghost , and knew how to create monsters to life , but then news breaks out to the gang that Jacobo has drowned during an attempted escape from prison , so the gang guess Jeremiah Wickles , their first foe and the Black Knight Ghost 's portrayer , and Jacobo 's roommate in prison , is responsible . The gang travel to Wickles ' mansion where they find mysterious green footprints like the scale leading to the library . Fred , Daphne and Velma find an instruction manual on how to create monsters ; whilst Shaggy and Scooby are chased by the reanimated Black Knight but not before finding a note reading " Faux Ghost tonite " which they take as a clue . Daphne fends the knight off until the gang can escape . Shaggy and Scooby sneak into the nightclub , the " Faux Ghost " , where many of the convincted criminals they put away hang out , including Wickles who claims he has reformed from his criminal ways ; but quickly they are recognized and thrown out . Velma learns the key ingredient to making monsters is a fictional substance called " randomonium " . Patrick Wisely , the museum curator , who Velma has a crush on , comes to aid the gang but when they go to the museum , they find the rest of the costumes have been stolen . Shaggy and Scooby encounter the distressed Patrick , and then follow Wickles to the old mining town where the rest of the gang realise randomonium was mined . Wickles is proven to be innocent when the gang learns he plans to turn the mining town into an amusement park for children . Reuniting , the gang find the Monster Hive , finding a machine which brings the monster costumes to life . Shaggy and Scooby mess with the machine 's control panel , causing several monsters to be reanimated . The gang flee with the control panel , as the Evil Masked Figure attacks Coolsville and Howe asks the gang to turn themselves in to save the citizens . The gang flee to their old high school clubhouse where they realise they will be able to reverse the Monster Hive 's effects by altering the control panel 's wiring . Outside , Shaggy and Scooby lament on their habit of being clumsy and desire to be heroes . Captain Cutler 's Ghost rises out of the nearby bayou , forcing the gang to flee in the Mystery Machine back to the mining town . Fred and Daphne fight the Black Knight and electrical 10,000 Volt Ghost , defeating them with a pair of jumper cables . Velma ventures into the factory and finds a shrine to Jacobo , actually made by Patrick who was Jacobo 's student at one time . However , he is captured and dragged away by the Pterodactyl Ghost . The gang confront the Evil Masked Figure who has all of them held captive by the Tar Monster , aside from Scooby , who grabs a nearby fire extinguisher to freeze the monster and makes his way to the machine and inserts the control panel , turning the monsters back to costumes . The Evil Masked Figure tries to escape but trips on a broken cat walk and is left dangling from it by his cape . The authorities , press and Coolsville citizens arrive , where the gang unmasked the Evil Masked Figure as Howe - only to then unmask her as noneother than Jacobo , alive and well . Jacobo survived his apparent " death " and was photographed outside the museum before it opened , found by Velma at the shrine . Jacobo and Howe 's cameraman Ned are arrested , whilst Mystery , Inc. are welcomed back by Coolsville with open arms . The main cast dance with Ruben Studdard at the Faux Ghost in the ending scenes . In a post-credits scene , Scooby is shown in a creepy hall playing a " Scooby Doo " game on a Game Boy Advance . He then turns the game screen towards the camera , and says " Rook ! Rodes ! " , showing a cheat code for the game he was playing .
Martin negative Willard ; Willard positive Cathryn ; Socrates positive Willard ; Willard negative Ben ; Sculley negative Ben <$> Willard Stiles is a social misfit taking care of his ill and fragile but verbally abusive mother Henrietta in a musty old mansion that is also home to a colony of rats . Willard finds himself constantly humiliated in front of his co-workers by his cruel boss , Frank Martin , a vicious man who assumed control of the company of Willard 's father upon his death , and whose professional interest in Willard extends to a personal financial one . A co-worker , Cathryn , has sympathy for the quirky Willard.Fall Frights : WILLARD Cathryn becomes Willard 's friend and love interest . Willard quickly becomes obsessed with his friendship with a rat he names Socrates . Willard then begins to train and befriend the other rats including an extra large one he calls Ben . Ben begins to assume a position of " leadership " among the other rats , while Socrates remains Willard 's favorite . Willard 's mother panics when she overhears the rats and later dies by falling down the stairs of the basement . Willard learns soon afterward that payments on the house have fallen far behind , and that the bank will likely foreclose upon the property . Willard then says that Socrates is all he has left . Cathryn stops by and gives Willard a cat named Sculley , he sets the cat inside and leaves . The rats , led by Ben , attack and kill Sculley . When Willard arrives home he notices Ben watching him evilly ; Willard begins to distrust Ben thereafter . Desperately lonely , Willard begins to bring Socrates to work with him . Willard finds a note at his desk declaring that he 's being fired by Frank Martin from the company his father founded . While he 's arguing with Martin , begging not to be fired , Socrates is discovered by a coworker in the supply room . Her screams alert Martin who bludgeons Socrates to death . Willard , his mental state already precarious , is devastated . Willard turns to Ben , who is more than willing to guide the army of basement rats to help Willard avenge himself upon his boss . Willard and his basement rats confront Martin , and upon Willard 's command they swarm Martin and tear him apart . Willard , however , mistrusts Ben and attempts to dispose of him and the other rats . He succeeds in killing some , but Ben remains , and turns the remaining rat army against Willard . Willard barely escapes with his life , and kills Ben . But an epilogue reveals that he has retreated into a semi-catatonic state and been placed in a mental institution . There he finds a new white rat , which looks like Socrates and he believes is the rebirth of his one friend . In the end Willard beckons the rat over to him and says " It 's not over yet , no ! Our time is going to come . "
Daas positive Rajeswari ; Daas neutral Annachi <$> The movie begins in a small village in Tirunelveli district where a few upper caste men hold a chariot festival . Antony along with his friends pull the chariot in to their slum and they naturally incur the wrath of a local leader Annachi . Meanwhile his daughter Rajeswari falls in love with Daas . Her sister ( [ [ Monica elopes to marry a lower caste boy Guna , a classmate of Daas . Coming to know about this , Annachi sends his men to bump off the couple . Eventually , Annachi set the couple ablaze in front of Daas . An angry Rajeswari in order to teach her father a lesson elopes with Daas and vows to get married . The couple then seeks refuge in the house of Nasser in Madurai . He promises to get them married . However coming to know about their hideout , Annachi 's men reach Madurai to foil their plans . Nasser 's father Vappa promises to get them united . Enters Sadiq , Nasser 's brother , who plans to let loose terror in the Madurai town in the name of Jehad . How Daas emerges triumphant from all the troubles and marries Rajeswari forms the rest of the story .
Amantha positive Hamish <$> Amantha Starr is the privileged daughter of a Kentucky plantation owner . However , after he dies , a shocking secret is revealed : unbeknownst to Amantha , her mother had been one of her father 's black slaves . Legally now property , she is taken by a slave trader to New Orleans to be sold . On the riverboat ride there , he makes it clear that he intends to sleep with her , but desists when she tries to hang herself ; as a beautiful , cultured young woman who can pass for white , she is far too valuable to risk losing . Amantha is put up for auction . When she is callously inspected by a coarse potential buyer , she is rescued from further humiliation by Hamish Bond , who outbids the cad , paying an exorbitant price for her . Expecting the worst , Amantha is surprised to be treated as a lady , not a slave , by her new owner . At his city mansion , she meets his key slaves , his housekeeper Michele and his conflicted right - hand - man Rau - Ru . Rau - Ru is grateful for the kindness , education and trust Hamish has bestowed on him , but hates him anyway . As time goes on , Amantha and Hamish fall in love . He arranges to send her to freedom in the North , but she decides to remain with him . To complicate matters further , Hamish harbors a terrible secret from his past that troubles his conscience . Then , the Civil War breaks out , and New Orleans eventually falls to the Union . Hamish becomes a wanted man when he joins the other plantation owners in burning their crops in defiance . He and Amantha are helped to escape by Rau - Ru , who had fled and joined the Union Army .
his positive Ishaan ; his negative Suman <$> A poetic romance between Ishaan and Suman ( [ [ Tabu , set against the concrete Mumbai cityscape , opens the film . Ishaan , the only son of an affluent business family , and his contemporary peer , Sunny , the grandson of the head of the business house , are being groomed to take over the business . They share a strong male bonding , Ishaan 's controlled and silent strength acting as an anchor to Sunny 's flamboyance and recklessly violent streak . The business , a construction empire built by Ishaan 's father , Nahar Singh and Sunny 's grandfather , is rooted in violent and unlawful activities . Ishaan , sheltered in comfort and security , begins to question his environment as his relationship with Suman , an idealistic young woman , opens a new world to him . As his love for her grows , so does his fear of losing her . Ishaan is caught between a life steeped in violence and his love for Suman who abhors violence . Torn by his desire to leave the world of crime , and his sense of loyalty to his father and his friend , Ishaan unwillingly gets drawn deeper into violence , and finds himself a participant in an act of gruesome cold - blooded massacre . The image of a young girl disabled by this violent act haunts his conscience . His quiet , but firm resolve , to withdraw from the business clashes with Nahar Singh 's pragmatism , and with Sunny 's refusal to release him from his oath of loyalty . The events escalate with Ishaan 's arrest , and with Nahar Singh 's murder . Ishaan is finally forced to make a choice between personal loyalty and a larger allegiance to society and truth . The story is parallel to Mario Puzo 's The Last Don .
Tye positive her <$> Jenny Stewart is a tough Broadway musical star , alienating her colleagues with her neurotic demands for absolute perfection . Jenny takes offense when her new rehearsal pianist Tye Graham criticizes her song stylings and ruthless ways . Graham was blinded in WWII but fell in love with Jenny when he was a young reporter . Deep down , Jenny yearns for a real and lasting love but is disenchanted with the men around her such as Broadway parasite Cliff Willard . At the home of her mother , she discovers an old newspaper clipping in which Tye reviewed one of her first shows and made it evident he loved her . Jenny realizes she is loved , goes to Tye , and they embrace .
Wei positive Lee <$> During an orchestrated drug bust at a marine loading dock , Los Angeles cop Stan Zedkov injures and kills a criminal narcotics dealer , Peter Wei . Looking to exact revenge for his son 's death , Wei 's father Terence , hires trained assassin John Lee to murder Zedkov 's adolescent son Stevie . During the assassination attempt , Lee 's conscience makes it difficult for him to pull the trigger , as he later decides to abandon the plot . Infuriated , Wei instructs a new pair of replacement killers to finish the job . Wei also directs his other henchmen to kill Lee 's mother and sister in China for his act of disobedience . Aware of Wei 's new scheme , Lee seeks the help of a skilled professional , Meg Coburn , to create a forged passport . Lee intends to leave the country in order to protect his family who have been moved to a secure location in Shanghai .
Arthur neutral Brenda ; Arthur neutral Doreen <$> Arthur Seaton is a young machinist at a Nottingham factory . Angry at his lot in life , he is determined not to be tied down to living a life of domestic drudgery like the people around him , including his parents , whom he describes as " dead from the neck up " . He spends his wages at weekends on drinking and having a good time . Arthur is having an affair with Brenda , the wife of an older co-worker . He also begins a relationship with Doreen , a single woman closer to his age . When Brenda gets pregnant , Arthur asks his Aunt Ada for advice on aborting the child . None of Ada 's advice works and Brenda decides that she will keep the child and suffer the consequences . Later , Brenda 's husband discovers the affair and his brother and a fellow soldier give Arthur a beating . After recovering , Arthur returns to work but knows he can never see Brenda again . The film ends with Arthur and Doreen discussing marriage and the prospect of a new home together .
Amanda negative Mirabelle ; Amanda neutral Patrick ; Helene negative Amanda ; Remy negative Patrick ; Lionel neutral Remy <$> Private investigator Patrick Kenzie and his partner / girlfriend Angie Gennaro witness a televised plea by a woman named Helene McCready for the return of her missing daughter Amanda , who was abducted with her favorite doll " Mirabelle " . Patrick and Angie are then hired by the child 's Aunt Beatrice to find Amanda and discover that Helene and her boyfriend " Skinny Ray " had recently stolen money from Cheese , a local Haitian drug lord . After Ray is murdered , Patrick and Angie join the police detectives investigating the case , Remy Bressant and Nick Poole , to arrange a trade of the money for Amanda . Captain Jack Doyle shows Patrick a telephone transcript of the drug lord setting up an exchange for Amanda . The exchange at a nearby quarry in Quincy is botched and Amanda is believed to have drowned , as her doll is found in the quarry and returned to Helene . Doyle , whose own daughter was killed years before , takes responsibility for the death and goes into early retirement . Two months later , a seven - year - old boy is abducted in Everett and Patrick receives information that the boy was taken by a known child molester . After entering his house and finding evidence of the abducted boy , Patrick returns with Remy and Nick to rescue him . They are seen by the residents and Nick is shot . Patrick enters the house during the shootout and finds one of the residents dead . He retreats into the child molester 's room , where he finds the boy 's dead body ; he then shoots the child molester in the back of the head in a fit of rage . Nick later dies of his wounds . Trying to alleviate Patrick 's guilt over the events at the house , Remy unthinkingly confides that he once planted evidence on someone with the help of " Skinny Ray " &mdash; whom he had initially told Patrick he did n't know . After Nick 's funeral , Patrick speaks to a police officer , who tells him that Remy had been asking about the drug lord 's stolen money before the drug lord knew it was missing . Patrick then questions Beatrice 's husband Lionel in a bar and pieces together that Lionel and Remy had conspired to stage a fake kidnapping in order to take the drug money for themselves and to save Amanda from her mother 's neglectful parenting . At that point , Remy enters the bar , while wearing a latex mask and holding a shotgun , and stages a robbery . He points the shotgun at Lionel 's head , but the bartender shoots Remy twice in the back . Remy flees and is pursued by Patrick to the rooftop of a nearby building , where he dies . Patrick is questioned by the police about Remy 's death and learns that the police never had a phone transcript like the one that Doyle had shown him prior to the botched exchange . Patrick and Angie drive to Doyle 's home , where Patrick finds Amanda living happily with Doyle and his wife ; Doyle was part of the phony kidnapping all along . Patrick threatens to call the authorities , but Doyle attempts to convince him that Amanda is better off living with them than with her mother . Patrick leaves and discusses the choices with Angie , who says she will leave him if he calls the police , since she believes that Amanda is much better off with the Doyles . In the next scene , the police arrive , Doyle is arrested , Amanda is returned to her mother amidst heavy publicity , and Patrick and Angie break up . Patrick later visits Amanda as Helene is about to leave on a date with someone she met during the publicity over her daughter 's disappearance ; at the same time , she makes a play for Patrick himself . Helene informs Patrick that Beatrice has been forbidden to visit and is upset about her husband 's arrest . Helene has no babysitter for Amanda and when asked , she tells Patrick that Dottie will watch her , even though she has yet to ask Dottie herself . Patrick volunteers to watch Amanda , who is holding her old doll and watching television . Patrick asks Amanda about Mirabelle , only to hear Amanda inform him that her doll 's name is " Annabelle " &mdash; implying that Helene did not even know the name of her daughter 's favorite toy .
Max negative Cassie ; Cassie negative Priscilla ; Max negative Priscilla ; Cassie positive Sean <$> Cassie is a thirteen - year - old goth girl who just moved to a new neighborhood and new school . She loves playing tricks on the popular kids at school and her younger brother Max . On the way to the library , Cassie finds a mysterious Halloween store down an alley and goes inside . The store owner sells her a book called The Evil Thing , which contains a warning on the front page : " DO NOT READ ALOUD " . That night , Cassie ignores the warning in the book and reads it to Max to get back at him for turning off her computer in the middle of her writing a report . Priscilla , who stole The Evil Thing from Cassie 's bag in school , films her jumping in fear , after using a CD player to play monster sounds outside in order to make the monster appear to have come to life . Later that night , The Evil Thing is brought to life by Max 's thoughts and captures him , Priscilla , and a Papa John 's Pizza delivery man . It is up to Cassie and Sean to save them . At first , they try to defeat The Evil Thing on their own , but fail . Cassie then asks the owner of the shop , where she bought the book , for help . Cassie discovers that the store owner travels around the world each Halloween , searching for the person who loves to scare people the most . He leaves them with only a riddle for help before making his shop disappear . After he disappears , Sean makes remarks that solve the riddle . Together , they formulate that if they get blood from a roast that Cassie 's mother made and throw it on The Evil Thing , it will be forced to suck up the blood . In doing so , it will devour itself . By using Sean 's CD of monster sound effects , they are able to lure the monster to the CD player ; however , when the monster nudges it , the music turns into hip hop , thus ruining their plan . While fumbling , Sean and Cassie accidentally drop the blood on Max , who must conquer his fears and save the day . When Cassie encourages him , Max tosses the blood onto The Evil Thing , causing its heads to begin attacking each other . The monster eats itself , eventually exploding in a shower of yellow blood , taking its offspring with it . With The Evil Thing destroyed , Max , Sean , and Cassie save Priscilla . She angrily accuses Cassie of being a witch and Sean rejects Priscilla in favor of Cassie . After Priscilla leaves , they save the pizza delivery guy , who offers them free pizza in return for his release . They burn the book and rid themselves of The Evil Thing , with Cassie replacing her blood - splattered clothes with a cute outfit her mother bought her ; Sean is allowed to borrow their father 's clothes . Sean leaves shortly after they burn the book . Cassie and Max 's parents then come home and find the book in the fireplace . The father mockingly reads it out loud , reviving The Evil Thing . The movie ends with Cassie realizing that The Evil Thing has been brought back to life and that it is not over yet .
she positive Badri ; Sarayu negative Badri <$> Badri is an ad agency director whose parents are settled in the USA . He has a love called Vennela , who is a close family friend of Badri 's family . Their parents want these two to tie the knot . Badri and Vennela are whiling away time , as Vennela did not finish her grads yet . On one of those romantic evenings , Vennela tells Badri that she loves him very much . But , at the same time , she does not find the same sincerity in Badri 's love . She challenges him : No other girl on earth would probably love him more than she does . Badri , who gets carried away in arguments , takes up the challenge immediately . Vennela shows a beautiful girl coming out of the temple and asks him to approach that girl . Then Vennela goes to the US to spend time with Badri 's parents . Badri gets the info of the new girl in no time and finds out that her name is Sarayu . She is a pampered - yet - docile sister of Nanda . After a few tries he is able to corner Sarayu to the extent that she expresses her love and puts forward a marriage proposal , for which Badri gives no response . Meantime , Vennela is back and can see the chemistry between Sarayu and Badri . She starts regretting the bet with Badri . Badri , too , is torn . Nanda , who is excessively fond of his sister Sarayu , guns for the blood of Badri , as he knows that Badri and Vennela are destined for marriage . As we head for a simple looking yet extremely gripping climax , we have a very heart - touching performance in store .
Brell negative Samantha ; Rip positive Samantha ; Zeus negative Brell ; Randy negative Brell ; Randy negative Zeus ; Rip negative Brell <$> Hulk Hogan plays Rip , a very popular professional wrestler . Although Rip looks and acts like a brute , he is actually a golden - hearted guy . He has a younger brother , Randy , whose presence in the audience motivates him enough to win his matches . Rip appears on a television channel which screens all his matches . Thanks to Rip , the channel is highly popular . However , the evil , money - hungry chairman of a rival channel , Brell , wants to convince Rip to join their network . Rip respectfully declines , though Brell has his gang of thugs attempt to beat Rip into submission during the limo ride home from the meeting . After visiting the No Count Bar , a rowdy establishment featuring a wrestling ring in the center and patronized by drunken , vicious fighters , Brell is inspired to create a new kind of wrestling program , focusing more on violence and sensationalism than Rip 's more moralistic version of the sport . Brell 's new program , Battle of the Tough Guys , is successful after the introduction of Zeus , a violent , seemingly unfazable ex-con who sports a " Z " - shaped patch of hair on his skull . Zeus killed an opponent in the ring after the fight was over , and has been in prison until recently . Samantha , a beautiful corporate spy , is sent by Brell to seduce Rip . However , Rip 's good nature and dedication to charity wins her over , and she confesses the truth to the wrestler and turns to his side . After this fails , Brell attempts to have Samantha raped ; as usual , Rip foils the plot and dispatches the would - be rapist into a tree trunk . Meanwhile , Brell and Zeus crash an outdoor charity event Rip is appearing at , demanding that Rip prove his honor by fighting Zeus live on Brell 's new show . Once again , Rip avoids violent conflict and attempts to reason with Brell , who leaves in anger . Randy and a friend decide to check out Zeus for themselves , attending an illegal fight being held in a warehouse . After watching Zeus defeat the monstrous Lugwrench Perkins , Randy foolishly identifies himself as Rip 's brother to Brell and his associates . Randy attempts to defend himself , but Zeus brutally beats him , sending him to the hospital . Finally , after this ultimate insult , a tearful Rip decides to accept Zeus ' challenge . Before the match , Brell abducts Rip 's friends and threatens to kill them if Rip does n't lose deliberately . With the odds against him , Rip wins the match after Zeus falls from a perch into the wrestling ring , collapsing it . Rip turns his attentions to Brell , who accidentally falls into an electrical panel to his demise . With his friends rescued and his brother recovering in the hospital , Rip celebrates his victory .
Howard negative Irene <$> The film chronicles the ordeal of Irene Trent , who is unhappily married to a blind , pathologically possessive millionaire inventor , Howard Trent . Howard and Irene 's palatial mansion is packed with an endless assortment of cuckoo clocks , all in perfect synchronization , and Howard tape records all conversations in the house for later reference , hoping to catch Irene plotting an illicit liaison . Irene thus lives in a constant state of dread , wondering how far Howard 's jealousy will go . Yet despite Howard 's continual accusations of infidelity , Irene remains faithful to Howard , despite nightly recurrent dreams of a fantasy lover and an attraction to Howard 's personal attorney , Barry Moreland , the only visitor allowed in the house . Howard spends most of his time working in his laboratory on a variety of projects , the nature of which he refuses to divulge to anyone . As tensions mount , Irene feels trapped in a loveless , lonely relationship . But suddenly , everything changes : Howard is killed by an explosion in his laboratory , and Irene inherits the house and Howard 's entire fortune . The laboratory itself , a charred wreck , is secured from the rest of the house by a deadbolt so that no one may enter . Irene , after consulting with Barry Moreland , decides to move out of the house , into the back room apartment of a small beauty shop she owns , " Irene 's , " which she operated before she met and married Howard . Almost immediately , the dreams begin again , with increasing intensity , until they take the form of an " ideal " man — known only as " The Dream " . Night after night , " The Dream " appears before Irene , whisking her away to a bizarre wedding ceremony in which she " marries " " The Dream " in front of a group of wax figure witnesses , or engages in a harmless tryst over champagne . Irene begins to doubt her sanity and unaccountably finds herself wishing to return to the nightmarish house she shared with Howard . But the reality behind Irene 's dreams is a secret that The Night Walker withholds until the very end ; a bizarre and complex tale of murder , betrayal , and deception .
Birju negative Kishan <$> Yamraaj is the story of two thieves Birju and Kishan who dream to become the biggest dons like their mentor , the city 's biggest don Yamraaj . Kishan 's conscience starts troubling him as he assassinates an honest Police Officer Hamid Khan . He decides start a new life but Birju refuses to change as he is obsessed by his dream . Their difference in opinion leads to conflict between them results in separation . Birju pursues his dream while Kishan tries to repent for his crime . Will Birju change for good or will he become Yamraaj forms the Climax .
he negative Shanti <$> Dr. Satish travels from the big city to a small village , where he can serve the poor who can not afford to go to the city for medical treatment . Once in the village , he meets with Shanti , who lives with her dad , Radhekiran , a watchman . Both Shanti and Satish fall in love , and exchange vows to be married . Radhekiran has an accident , and dies , leaving Shanti to re-locate , without notifying Satish . Satish is devastated at losing Shanti , and tries to locate her , to no avail . His parents want him to marry Kamini , and he agrees to do so . It is then he comes across Shanti , and he is shocked to see that Shanti has given birth to baby - boy , but will not disclose who the father is .
Mathilde negative Thomas <$> In order to put a painful past and a terrible sense of guilt behind her , a sterile young woman named Mathilde uses extreme cloning methods to give birth to Manon , and is comforted by her obstetrician husband Thomas . Manon starts off as a very normal child ; but suffers from intense nightmares , that we later uncover to be her mother 's memories . The child ’s growth is abnormally rapid and she becomes the splitting image of her mother . Manon becomes determined to destroy her mother 's life , even showing affection for Mathilde 's husband Thomas . Manon eventually learns what happened to her brother who drowned in the well at the back of their property . Gradually , the relation between them evolves in an odd manner as Manon takes over her mother ’s role in the family .
Matashichi negative Tahei ; Yuki positive Rokurota <$> The film begins with two bedraggled peasants , Tahei and Matashichi , escaping the aftermath of a battle en route to the Hayakawa country where they lived , but later captured and forced into slavery . After an uprising in the slave compound , Tahei and Matashichi escape and settle near a river , where they find gold belonging to the Daimyo for whom they had fought . They thereafter travel with General Rokurota Makabe , escorting Princess Yuki Akizuki ( [ [ Misa Uehara and what remains of her family 's gold to a secret territory . In order to keep her identity secret , Yuki poses as a mute . During the mission , the peasants impede it and sometimes try to seize the gold . They are later joined by a farmer ’s daughter , whom they acquire from a slave - trader . Eventually , they are captured and held by Rokurota 's rival ; but the latter unexpectedly sides with the Princess and Rokurota . The peasants stumble upon the gold , but are later captured ; whereupon Rokurota explains Yuki 's true identity , and states that all of the gold has been used to restore her family 's domain . The peasants are then dispatched , taking a single ryō . In the final scene , Tahei gives this to Matashichi to protect ; but Matashichi allows Tahei to keep it .
Mun neutral Wah ; Ling negative Mun <$> Blind since the age of two , 20 - year - old Hong Kong classical violinist Mun undergoes an eye cornea transplant after receiving a pair of new eyes from a donor . Initially , she is glad to have her sense of sight restored but becomes troubled when she starts seeing mysterious figures that seem to foretell gruesome deaths . The night before her discharge from hospital , she sees a shadowy figure accompanying a patient out of the room and the next morning the patient is pronounced dead . Mun goes to see her doctor 's nephew , Dr. Wah , a psychologist , about the strange entities that she has been seeing . He is skeptical at first , but as he gradually develops a closer relationship with her , he decides to accompany her on a trip to northern Thailand to find Ling , the eye donor . When they ask a village doctor about Ling and her family , he is unwilling to reveal anything but becomes more co-operative when Mun tells him that she sees what Ling used to see . Apparently , Ling had a psychic ability that allowed her to foresee death and disaster . However , her fellow villagers misunderstood her as a jinx and refused to trust her . Once , Ling tried to warn the people about an imminent disaster , but they drove her away in disbelief . When her vision came true , she felt guilty about the deaths and hanged herself . Ling 's mother is both depressed and angry with her daughter and has never forgiven Ling for committing suicide , until one night Ling 's spirit possesses Mun and attempts suicide . Ling 's mother saves Mun and breaks down , saying that she has forgiven Ling and Ling 's spirit leaves in peace . On the return journey , their bus is caught in a traffic jam and Mun sees hundreds of ghostly figures lumbering on the road . Believing that a catastrophe is approaching , she runs out of the bus and tries to warn everyone to leave , but no one understands her and think that she is insane . In fact , the traffic jam is due to a tank truck that has toppled over and is blocking the road . The truck starts leaking natural gas but nobody notices it . A driver restarts his engine and ignites the gas , causing a chain explosion . Dr. Wah saves Mun from death by shielding her with his body , but Mun is already blinded by glass fragments . In the epilogue of the film , a blind Mun is seen roaming the streets of Hong Kong . Although she has lost her sense of sight again , she is happy that she now has the support and friendship of Dr. Wah .
Amar negative Sheela ; Deepak positive Jyoti <$> Inspector Amar Nath apprehends and arrests a notorious gangster who goes by different aliases , and gets him sentenced to prison for several years . Amar , who comes from a wealthy family , defies his father , Jagirdar Bishamber Nath , and marries a poor but pretty woman , Sheela Sharma . He is asked to leave the family home . Amar and Sheela settle elsewhere and soon are the proud parents of a daughter , Jyoti . They meet with the parents of young Deepak Kumar and arrange a child - marriage of their daughter with Deepak . Pinto escapes from prison , hunts down Amar and Sheela , and kills them . Luckily , a loyal employee and chauffeur , Abdul , saves their daughter 's life . He takes her to Jagirdar , who accepts her with tears in his eyes . Years later , Deepak and Jyoti have grown up . While Jyoti still lives with her wealthy grandpa , Deepak 's dad has died , leaving his widow destitute . When she goes to confirm their marriage , Jyoti shuns and humiliates her . This enrages Deepak and he vows to make Jyoti apologize to his mother , as well as confirm their marriage . But Jyoti is already in love with wealthy Raman , and Deepak meets a famous Bollywood actress , Sandhya , who falls in love with him . What will happen to the promise he made to his mother ? The story has similarities with Manchali and deals with an arrogant spoiled girl hiring a person to act as her husband , so that she can get her grandfather to back off . Subsequently it is about how the hired husband makes the girl come around to falling in love with him . Guest appearances were made by Amitabh Bachhan , Rishi Kapoor and Danny Denzongpa .
he positive Rakesh ; Chandru negative Rakesh ; Bala positive Rakesh ; Deva negative Bala ; Deva positive Rakesh <$> The story starts with Chandru ( [ [ Vivek cheating most people in and around Ooty of their money due to his childish ventures . Though he hails from a rich family , he is unable to maintain the wealth because of his bad luck and unconcerned life style . He has a friend Rakesh who is a farm lord and a rich young man . Vivek saved Rakesh 's life when he spotted him on a roadside accident on the hill side which he uses as a leverage for favours from the kind - hearted Rakesh . One day Chandru 's grandfather comes to Ooty to stay for two months , thinking that Chandru owns large mansion and lots of land and money . The grandfather who is very rich is an ex-military man . Chandru , afraid to confront the truth to his grandfather , convinces Rakesh to act so that all of Rakesh 's property as his and that Rakesh is his partner but he introduces to them as a manager . Rakesh angered by all this lying threatens to confront Chandru 's relatives but is convinced again by Chandru to stay calm . With the grandfather , five girls come , all of them well educated , smart and good looking . The last girl , Bala , is the most favored and most fun . She is seen dull and nonchalant when she arrives , later has fun with the others . They have run - around with Rakesh who is irritated by them all . Later when Bala learns that all the property is not his cousin Chandru 's but Rakesh 's she apologises and they become friends . However , this soon becomes love for Rakesh , eventually he proposes to Bala . Bala becomes sober &mdash; she says that she likes him , but says that she 's already married to a guy named Deva . She does n't explain further . Later Rakesh sees someone at night in the estate . He beats him up and Bala tells him that the unknown guy is actually Deva 's friend and Deva is going to die . Bala then explains how she fell for Deva : Deva is a professor at the college which Bala has joined . She learns that , though Deva is violent , he has no choice &mdash; her college is in very bad situation as it is planned to be sold , as it is a real estate gold mine . The board members and the management of that institution are for this selling as they are promised money . He behaves very violently and beats up the students who are gangsters sent in to disrupt normal college activities by conducting strikes . Eventually Deva is overwhelmed and is made to resign . He wants revenge and punishment for the guy who did this so he throws a small dynamite to immobilize the enemy 's vehicle and injure him so that he would n't leave the country . All turns bad when a bus filled with children come next to his vehicle and the bomb kills many . Filled with remorse and regret , he accepts all charges and is given the death sentence . After telling this , Bala confirms that she will kill herself the day when Deva is executed . Rakesh meets with Deva and convinces him to talk to Bala . Deva meets up with Bala and tells her that he has been lying about him and has not considered her to be a lover but as one among the many girls who fell for his charm . He lies so that Bala will change her mind to not kill herself but is not able to continue doing this . When he turns back to see Bala , she 's gone , hearing only the first part in which Deva says he has cheated her into being his wife . Rakesh thanks Deva and leaves . Back home Bala determines to work hard and do more for her family and refuses the marriage . When they all leave after the vacation Rakesh meets Bala and asks her whether she would change her mind someday and comeback or at least stay as his friend as he has no one . The train starts before she could give an answer . Bala gets down from the moving train and hugs Rakesh expressing her love for him .
Elizabeth negative Andy ; Farmers positive Andy <$> Andy Farmer is a New York City sports writer who moves with his wife , Elizabeth to the seemingly charming town of Redbud , Vermont , so he can write a novel . They do not get along well with the residents , and other quirks arise such as being given funeral bills for a long - dead man buried on their land long before they acquired the house . Marital troubles soon arise from the quirkiness of Redbud as well as the fact that Elizabeth was critical of Andy 's manuscript , while secretly getting her ideas for children 's books published . They soon decide to divorce and sell their home , enticing the town 's residents with a $ 15,000 donation to Redbud , as well as a $ 50 cash bonus to whoever made a friendly impression toward their prospective home buyers . To that end , the citizens remake Redbud into a perfect Norman Rockwell - style town . Their charade dazzles a pair of prospective buyers , who make the Farmers an offer on the house ; however , Andy declines to sell , realizing that he genuinely enjoys small - town living . He and Elizabeth decide to stay together in Redbud , much to the chagrin of the locals , who are now angry that they lost their promised money . Though the mayor does not hold the Farmers liable for the $ 15,000 , as the sale of their house did not occur , Andy decides to pay everyone in Redbud their $ 50 , which helps improve his standing among the townspeople . The film ends with Andy taking a job as a sports writer for the Redbud newspaper , and Elizabeth , now pregnant with their first child , has written multiple children 's stories .
she positive John <$> When the school wallflower gets a pep talk from the most popular campus heartthrob at her lowest moment , this becomes a life - changing moment for her . Elizabeth transforms into a beautiful , intelligent and successful career woman , who has often fantasized about how her dream man John Eduque had turned out to be . Until one day , she reads his name in the obituary . Elizabeth is shattered with grief over a man she was not even romantically involved with . She goes to the wake in hysterics causing eyebrows to raise , especially the deceased ’s widow . The John Eduque who died is actually the senior John Eduque , John ’s father . Realizing her fumble , Elizabeth hurriedly leaves , unaware of the damage she has caused to John ’s family who suspects she is the unknown mistress . Mrs. Eduque succumbs to depression therefore John takes it upon himself to avenge his mother ’s misery and hunts for the mystery woman . But instead of seeking revenge on Elizabeth , John starts to fall for her the more he gets to know her.Who 's That Girl ? " http://www.viva.com.ph/index.php?option5&task79
Willie positive Dorothy <$> After selling his house and belongings in East Africa , upper - class black sheep Willie Hale returns home to England , where he buys a dog and charms his rich father , Lord Leeland , into giving him more money . After reuniting with his old girlfriend , actress Mary Crayle , he meets and falls in love with heiress Dorothy Hope . Dorothy then breaks her engagement to Grand Duke Paul because she finds bankrupt Willie far more charming . He also makes Willie agree to stop seeing Mary . Mistakenly thinking he has breached this agreement , Dorothy pays Willie off . He sends the money to destitute Paul , who gladly accepts it , showing both Willie 's and Paul 's true characters to Dorothy . When Dorothy and Willie make up , Lord Leeland laughingly informs them that Dorothy 's father is making them a wedding present of a sheep farm in Australia . At least if Willie goes broke this time , Dorothy 's father is footing the bill , not him.Frank , Sam , Ronald Colman , A Bio-Bibliography p. 89
James negative FBI ; Hartley positive Jeffries ; Jeffries positive Simon ; Crandell neutral Simon ; Crandell neutral Jeffries ; Simon positive Stacey ; Jeffries negative Stacey ; Jeffries positive Kudrow ; Jeffries neutral NSA ; FBI positive Jeffries <$> The film opens with a hostage situation in South Dakota where FBI Agent Art Jeffries , who , as the inside man , protects a 15 year old kid named James while trying to talk a bank robber named Edgar Halstrom into surrendering . However , the FBI task force kills the robbers and James . Jeffries confronts his superior , Hartley , who tells him he 'd report to Washington . An infuriated Jeffries punches Hartley for that and for James ' death . A cryptographic code called " Mercury " was created by the National Security Agency and allegedly so complex that its creators believe no computer on Earth can decipher it . Originally it was created during the Reagan Administration as a test to keep the United States ' highest priority secrets under wraps . One day , the NSA receives a message from a nine - year - old autistic savant named Simon Lynch who calls a telephone number written in the code which was secretly published in a puzzle magazine by two of the creators , Dean Crandell ( [ [ Robert Stanton and Leo Pedranski , to see if anyone could break it . Crandell and Pedranski 's division chief , Lt. Colonel Nick Kudrow sees the boy 's ability to decipher the code as a liability and rather than rectify the problem adequately , instead plans to silence Simon , sending a hit man , Peter Burrell and his partner Shayes to murder the boy and his parents , Martin and Jenny . After killing Martin and Jenny , Burrell searches the house , fails to find Simon , and leaves at the sound of approaching sirens . Jeffries , who has been demoted following a diagnosis of delusional paranoia , is sent to investigate what is initially thought to be a murder - suicide of Simon 's parents . While investigating the scene , Jeffries finds Simon hiding in a cache of his bedroom closet and takes the boy under his wing . Jeffries begins to realize the difficulty of protecting , let alone questioning Simon , because of his impaired social abilities as a result of his autism , but the Chicago PD agree to assign a protection detail to Simon . The assassins try to kill Simon again at the hospital , but Jeffries stops them and kills Shayes at the Chicago ' L' train . The situation is further complicated by the fact that nobody at the FBI believes Simon is in any danger , and Jeffries is soon framed by the NSA as a kidnapper , with only his best friend and fellow agent Tommy Jordan aware that he did not commit the crime , since Jordan had been in contact with Jeffries when the incident began . Jeffries borrows Jordan 's car and takes Simon to his house where his parents were murdered the previous morning . Simon again calls the telephone number written in the code , and , after realizing that Simon is talking to Crandell and Pedranski , arrangements are made for a meeting at the Wrigley Building . The next morning , he meets a woman named Stacey Siebring in a coffee shop and asks her to watch Simon for him while he goes to meet Crandell . Jeffries meets Crandell and they talk as they walk on a busy sidewalk . As Crandell tells Jeffries about the code and Kudrow , Burrell shoots him from behind and escapes from Jeffries following a chase . After the shooting , Jeffries goes back to the coffee shop , but Simon and Stacey are gone . He goes outside and spots them coming across the street . Stacey says she and Simon have become friends and Simon agrees . Jeffries and Simon then abruptly leave Stacey . Later in the middle of the night , Jeffries and Simon go to Stacey 's place , asking for a place to stay . Stacey reluctantly agrees and tells Jeffries that she was going on a business trip to Des Moines to make the rent the next morning . Meanwhile , Pedranski turns to Jeffries for help , but shortly after he is murdered too by Burrell . However , he has managed to leave a letter detailing Kudrow 's crimes , which his girlfriend , NSA analyst Emily Lang takes to the FBI and Jordan discreetly arranges for her to meet with Jeffries to show them both the carbon paper used to type the letter , which , being covered in Pedranski 's fingerprints is crucial evidence in its own right . After the meeting with Emily , Jeffries tells Stacey to call anybody for an emergency except the police , who were called off at the last minute , and gives her Jordan 's number to contact if there was an emergency . While Jeffries introduces himself to Kudrow at his birthday party and demands that Kudrow leave Simon alone , Jordan under Jeffries ' suggestion arranges for Simon to go into Witness Protection . After the meeting , Jeffries contacts his friend and Jordan explains how the Witness Protection meeting is going to happen , though they are unaware that their conversation over the phone is being monitored by Kudrow . When Jeffries returns and finds Stacey and Simon gone , he learns from Jordan that they are fine and will meet them there , just as Jordan is given an order to head to the FBI director 's office . Kudrow tries to have FBI SAC Joe Lomax ( [ [ Kevin Conway help him stop Jeffries by using his authority and the fact that Jordan arranged the Witness Protection under false pretenses . He plans to have the NSA take over the protection for the meeting spot . After Kudrow leaves , Jordan shows the evidence to Lomax and despite his initial doubts , Jordan confirms that the fingerprint markings on it were Pedranski 's , now fully validating the evidence against Kudrow . Jeffries , with Jordan and a small FBI task force 's help , set a trap at the meeting spot . During the battle , Jordan protects Stacey , the FBI team take on Burrell , who gets killed when windows blow out and shards end up in his face , while Jeffries and Kudrow fight on the roof . Simon gives the FBI agent Kudrow 's own gun , allowing him to take control as Jordan and the team come in . In a last - ditched effort to get Simon back , Kudrow grabs the screaming boy and is shot by Jeffries , then falls to his death . The film ends with Jeffries visiting Simon , now living with foster parents , at his school , who embraces Jeffries as a welcome friend , having finally accepted him as a person of his trust .
Gladys negative Rebecca <$> In 1995 , the small and staunchly conservative town of Mount Rose , Minnesota is preparing for its annual beauty pageant . Amber Atkins signs up for the pageant , hoping that by winning she will be able to leave the dead - end town and become successful . She also does it to follow in the footsteps of her idols , Diane Sawyer , and her mother , a former contestant . Amber and her mother live in a trailer near their friend Loretta . Amber works as a beautician at the local funeral home , and as a dishwasher at her school . She is a stark contrast to Rebecca Leeman , the daughter of the richest man in town , and of Gladys Leeman . Mrs. Leeman is both the head of the pageant organizing committee and also a former winner who criticizes " big city , no bra - wearing , hairy - legged , women - libber 's " opinions on the benefits of pageants . Various business connections between the Leeman Furniture Store and the judges of the pageant cause many to speculate that the contest will be fixed . The audience is introduced to the other contestants and judges as the crew documents the trials leading up to the pageant . There are dancing lessons , and individual interviews where the girls answer such revealing questions as " if you could be any tree in the forest , what tree would you be ? " Many odd events occur around town in the run up to the pageant ; one of the contestants , Tammy Curry , athlete and President of the Lutheran Sisterhood Gun Club , is killed when her tractor explodes . Brett Clemmens , Rebecca 's love interest , is shot dead in a " hunting accident . " Fearing for her life , Amber decides to pull out of the pageant after her mother , Annette , is injured during an explosion at their mobile home . Annette lands on a neighbor 's lawn after shoving Amber 's tap shoes down her panties , and is sent to the hospital for critical burns and the removal of her hand onto which a can of beer melted . After a pep - talk with a family friend , Loretta , and a heart - to - heart with her mother , Amber reconsiders . At the dress rehearsal , fellow contestant Jenelle Betz , swaps positions with Amber . When Jenelle walks on stage at the beginning of rehearsal to perform her talent piece , a stage light falls and hits her in the head , knocking her unconscious , later revealed to have rendered her deaf . Janelle 's talent in the pageant was to do an interpretive dance with sign language . At the pageant , Amber 's tap costume goes missing . Another contestant decides to drop out of the contest , and gives her own talent costume to Amber . Amber performs her tap - dance number to a standing ovation , while Rebecca sings a cringe - worthy rendition of " Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You " and dances with a Jesus doll on a rolling crucifix , horrifying many spectators . Though Amber was clearly the more talented of the two , she is named first runner up to Rebecca , with Leslie Miller , a ditzy , whorish , but sweet cheerleader for the Mount Rose Muskies , coming in third . However , during the victory parade the next day , Rebecca , in an elaborate swan float designed by her mother and constructed by her father 's Mexican workers , is killed in a freak accident caused by Gladys lighting the fireworks at the base of the swan , causing the float to suddenly explode . Standing by the burnt - out float , the grief - stricken Gladys admits to killing Tammy and to being responsible for all the attempts against Amber in the run - up to the pageant in order to get rid of all of Rebecca 's competition . She is then arrested . At Rebecca 's funeral , Amber is crowned Mount Rose 's American Teen Princess and goes on to the state competition . At the State Competition , Amber wins the Minnesota American Teen Princess title by default after all the other contestants fall ill with seafood - related food poisoning . The reason Amber did n't get food poisoning , however , is because her mom always said , " Never eat anything that carries its house around with it . Who knows the last time it 's been cleaned . " As the winner , Amber gets an all - expenses - paid trip to Lincoln , Alabama , where the national Sarah Rose American Teen Princess Pageant is held . Upon arrival , Amber and the other contestants find that the company has been shut down by the IRS for tax evasion . While the distraught girls wreck the forecourt of the shuttered Sarah Rose Cosmetics building , Amber simply sighs and gets back onto the girls ' chartered bus . A few years later , second runner - up Leslie had entered a beauty school and became an exotic dancer and is now missing somewhere in the Philippines . Harold Vilmes , one of the judges for the pageant , is said to have died from lyme 's disease from a deer tick bite ; in turn , leaving his mentally - disabled little brother , Hank , their hardware store . And after being runner - up in a prison beauty pageant , Gladys escapes from prison and takes a sniper position on top of a Mount Rose supermarket , exhausting her frustrations on the town . During the six - hour police siege , a television reporter doing a live report at the scene is hit by a stray bullet . Amber , who happened to be nearby , quickly picks up her mike and takes over , impressing the news station . The film closes with Amber as co-anchor of the evening news for a Minneapolis – St. Paul television station .
Ducky positive Sarah <$> Two college girls , Ducky and Ginger , meet their naive friend , Sarah , at a Southern California beach house . The house belongs to Sarah 's uncle and to their luck has allowed them to use his house for the summer while he is gone . Soon after Ducky and Ginger arrive , the two plan the first of many wild parties , but not without some resistance from Sarah . The two continue the plans for more partying including inviting assorted misfits , delivery persons , and people just passing by . Eventually , Sarah 's resistance fades and joins in on the wild parties .
Celine neutral Linda ; Enzo negative Linda <$> The film , set in Turin , Italy , follows French flight attendant Linda and Italian - American detective Enzo Avolfi , who team up to find Linda 's younger sister Celine . Celine , a model , has been abducted by a serial killer . Known only as " Yellow " , he kidnaps beautiful foreign women in his unlicensed taxi cab . After drugging them , the killer proceeds to mutilate and finally murder them . He photographs his deeds so that the photos may grant him personal sexual gratification . The film ends with Enzo and Giallo having a shootout in a hotel . Giallo tries to escape , but falls from a skylight to the floor of the lobby , killing him instantly . The police search his apartment for Celine , but can not find her . Linda starts to blame Enzo for killing her sister , as well as calling him selfish and inhumane . After hearing this , he walks away . By chance , while patrolling a car park , a policeman hears Celine as she tries to gain his attention , tied up and gagged in the trunk of Giallo 's car .
Malik negative Tommy ; Axel negative Malik <$> Young drifter Axel Nordmann arrives at the waterfront on the west side of Manhattan , seeking employment as a longshoreman , and giving his name as " Alex North . " He goes to work in a gang of stevedores headed by Charlie Malik a vicious bully , and is befriended by Tommy Tyler , who also supervises a stevedore gang . Malik resents blacks in positions of authority , and is antagonized when Axel goes to work for Tommy . Axel moves into Tommy 's neighborhood and becomes friends with Tommy 's wife Lucy and becomes romantically involved with her friend Ellen . Tommy serves as a mentor to Axel , urging him to stand up to Malik , and that if he does he will be " ten feet tall . " It is apparent from the start that Axel is hiding something , and it emerges that he is a deserter from the United States Army . Malik is aware of that , and is extorting money from him . Malik frequently tries to provoke Tommy and Axel into fights , with Tommy coming to Axel 's aid . Malik finally provokes Tommy into a fight , with both men using their baling hooks . Tommy at one point disarms Malik and implores him to stop , but Malik seizes the hook and kills him . The police investigation is stymied by lack of cooperation from the longshoremen , including Axel . But after meeting with the distraught Lucy , who accuses him of never being Tommy 's friend , Axel finally decides to cooperate . He goes to Malik to tell him that . They get into a fight , and in the end , though beaten , Axel strangles Malik unconscious and drags him away .
his negative Kunjan ; his negative Karthik ; Shenbagam neutral Karthik ; Kunjan negative Karthik <$> The story revolves around Kunjan ( [ [ Dileep , a village youth who is sympathized for his hunchback looks but is lauded for selfless service to others . He covers up his handicap with humor . Unmindful of his looks , Kunjan goes around seeking a suitable bride , with the help of his friend . Brushing aside many an insult hurled at him , he carries on . In contrast to him is Karthik ( also [ [ Dileep , a violent college student , who loves his classmate Priya ( [ [ Manya . She comes across Kunjan , who assures her that he would get her married to the man of her heart , but she gets killed in a fracas involving a gangster . Meanwhile , the hunchback Kunjan comes across an orphaned poor blind girl , Shenbagam . He wins over heart by helping her out . Thanks to his efforts , Shenbagam regains her vision . This results in a tussle between Kunjan and Karthik , as to whom Shenbagam belongs to now . However , fearing his looks , the hunchback , Kunjan , decides to leave way for the other . But fate has different things for him ...
Martin neutral Scott ; Rogo neutral Scott ; Belle positive Scott ; Scott negative her <$> The SS Poseidon , an ocean liner slated for retirement and scrapping , is making her way across the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea from New York City to Athens . Despite the protests of Captain Harrison , who fears for the ship 's safety in troubled waters , the representative of her new owners , Mr. Linarcos , insists that she make full speed towards its destination , preventing her from taking on additional water ballast . Detective Lieutenant Mike Rogo and his former - prostitute wife Linda — seasick , like many of the passengers — receive an invitation to the captain 's table . Reverend Frank Scott , a minister questioning his faith and believing God helps those who help themselves , delivers a sermon at Mass . Susan Shelby and her younger brother Robin are traveling to meet their parents . Robin is interested in how the ship works and frequently visits the engine room . Retired Jewish hardware store owner Manny Rosen and his wife Belle are going to Israel to meet their two - year - old grandson for the first time . Haberdasher James Martin is a love - shy , health - conscious bachelor . The ship 's singer , Nonnie Parry rehearses for the New Year celebrations with her band which includes her brother Teddy on drums . That evening , New Year 's Eve , passengers gather in the dining room to celebrate . Captain Harrison is called to the bridge because of a report of an undersea earthquake . He receives word from the lookout that there is a huge wave heading towards them coming from the direction of Crete at 60 mph . He issues a mayday and commands a " hard left " turn , but it is too late . The wave hits the bridge , killing him , Linarcos , and the other ship 's officers on the bridge . With its lack of ballast , the ship capsizes , killing or injuring many of the people on board . In the dining room , survivors take stock of their predicament . Acres , an injured waiter , is trapped at the galley door now high above . With information from Martin , Scott surmises that the escape route will be found ' upwards ' , at the outer hull , which is now above water . Robin tells him that the hull near the propeller shaft is only one inch thick . The Rosens , the Rogos , Nonnie , Susan , Robin , Acres , and Martin agree to go with him , using a Christmas tree as a ladder . He unsuccessfully tries to convince more passengers to join them . After the small group climbs to the galley , there is a series of explosions . As seawater floods the room the survivors rush to the Christmas tree , but the weight of everyone climbing causes it to collapse . Acres and Scott find the galley , and the survivors pick their way through it to a staircase . Scott climbs its underside and he and Rogo use a firehose to pull the others up . He leads them to an access tunnel . Rogo has been instructed to look after everybody , but just as Martin and Nonnie climb into the hole , water begins filling the corridor . While climbing up a long ladder inside the funnel , with Acres above them , the ship rocks from another series of explosions . Acres falls into the churning water and is lost despite Rogo 's attempt to save him . Climbing out of the shaft , Scott and Rogo argue over the loss of Acres . Their group meets a larger band of survivors led by the ship 's medic , heading towards the bow . Scott is certain they are heading for their doom , but Rogo wants to follow them and gives him fifteen minutes to go aft to find the engine room . Although he takes longer than allowed , he finds his way there . The group discovers the engine room is on the other side of a flooded corridor , so someone must swim through with a line to help the others . Belle , a former competitive swimmer , claims she can manage it , but Scott refuses and dives in with the line . Halfway through , a panel collapses on him , trapping him . The survivors notice something is wrong and Belle dives in . She frees him and they make it to the other side . As he secures the lifeline , Belle has a heart attack . Before dying she tells him to give her " Chai " pendant to Rosen , who in turn will give it to their grandson . Rogo swims over to make sure Belle and Scott are all right , then leads the rest over . When Rosen swims to the other side and finds Belle 's body he is unwilling to go on , but Scott gives him her Chai pendant , reminding him that he has a reason to live . Scott leads the survivors across a catwalk to the propeller shaft room 's watertight door , but there is another series of explosions and Linda falls to her death . An infuriated and heartbroken Rogo blames her death on Scott . More explosions rupture a pipe that releases steam , blocking their escape . Scott , outraged about the three deaths and this final obstacle , rants at God for betraying the survivors . He leaps and grabs onto the burning - hot valve wheel to shut off the steam , then tells Rogo to lead the group before letting go of it , sacrificing himself . Rogo leads the remaining survivors — Rosen , Martin , Nonnie , Susan and Robin — through the watertight door and into the propeller shaft room . They hear a noise above the ship and bang on the ceiling / floor to get the rescuers ' attention . The rescuers then cut through the hull and help the group out of the ship . The survivors , the only six alive after the disaster , fly off to safety by helicopter .
Tania neutral Harker ; Harker positive Mina ; Dracula positive Mina <$> A young librarian , Jonathan Harker , is welcomed at Castle Dracula by the Count and a young woman named Tania , who seems intent on seducing Harker . The Count prevents Tania from biting the young man , but Dracula attacks Harker himself , leaving him weak . Harker attempts to escape the castle , but is killed by a wolf . Harker 's wife , Mina , arrives in the village and stays at the home of her friend , Lucy Kisslinger . Worried about her husband , she visits the castle , and falls under the spell of the Count . It transpires that Dracula has engineered their meeting , because Mina is the reincarnation of his long - lost love , Dolinger . Lucy also becomes undead before the mysterious happenings in the village attract the attention of vampire expert Van Helsing , who prepares for final combat with his deadliest foe .
Supreem positive Porky <$> The people of the town of Hamelin are celebrating the high rat population being driven from the town . The cats hearing the news , do not bode well for them as it means their main food source is gone . In panic , they decide to go to the Supreem Cat for a solution to the problem . Supreem tells to the crowd of cats that his plan is to get the rats back by sabotaging the Piper 's reward collecting with a full - body rat suit . While wearing the rat disguise , Supreem sneaks into the town hall . Supreem arrives at the town hall just at the time that Porky is going to get his reward money from the mayor . Supreem walks straight into the mayor 's office and does a Last of the Mohicans impression and the mayor tells Porky he wo n't be getting the money until that rat is gone . Around the town , Supreem bothers Porky by running around in the rat costume and momentarily removes it to trip and insult Porky in various ways . Porky eventually grabs the " rat " by its rubber tail and Supreem deliberately doffs it . Porky takes the empty costume back to the town hall to get the reward money . Just when the mayor gets the reward money from the vault , Supreem pops out and steals it . Porky chases after him to get it back , which he does by tricking the cat to come out of hiding by pretending to bring the rats back Finally Porky gets the reward money and insults the cat back before he leaves playing his clarinet and walks into the distance .
Thornton negative Vanessa ; Derek positive Jason ; Thornton positive Jason ; Thornton positive Barbay ; Jason positive Chas ; Diane positive Thornton <$> Thornton Melon is a rags - to - riches story . The son of an Italian immigrant tailor , he is shown as a boy in his father 's shop , bearing a report card with poor grades . His ambition is to go into his father 's line of work , but his father reprimands Thornton for his poor schoolwork , and tells him " if a man 's got no education , he 's got nothing . " As decades pass , Thornton is shown opening his first " Tall and Fat " clothing store and eventually becoming a corporate giant , complete with a TV commercial in which he asks : " Are you fat ? Do you look at a menu and say , ' Okay ' ? When you go jogging , do you leave potholes ? " He also has changed his last name to " Melon " . After his college - student son Jason cancels a visit , Thornton goes home to Vanessa , his second wife . Thornton is a widower and Vanessa is a money - hungry , aspiring socialite , unable to bear her crude husband . He threatens to expose her adulterous affairs after she threatens to sue him for divorce . Thornton tells his friend , chauffeur and bodyguard Lou to drive him to Jason 's college . It turns out Jason has been keeping secrets from his father . He is not on the Grand Lakes diving team but instead works as a towel boy , treated badly by star diver Chas Osborn . Jason has only his best friend Derek for support and intends to drop out . Thornton pleads with him , offering to go to college with his son if he 'll stay , and also tells Jason that he has no reason to be ashamed of his failures , considering Thornton 's early mediocre life . Possessing neither a high school diploma nor any transcripts or SAT scores , Thornton ’s efforts seem to be stalled . But when the university 's " Dean " Martin - – a play on Dean Martin - – asks how he can possibly admit an unqualified student , the next scene cuts to a groundbreaking of the university 's new Thornton Melon School of Business . Thornton 's bribery earns him the wrath of Dr. Philip Barbay , dean of the business school . The wrath is further exacerbated when Dr. Barbay 's ivory tower ways are at odds with Thornton 's knowledge of business gained from actual experience . Thornton promptly strikes up a romance with Dr. Diane Turner , an attractive literature professor who is dating Dr. Barbay . At the same time , Jason begins to attract the interest of Valerie Desmond , a girl that Chas has been trying to impress . Jason 's popularity on campus also increases thanks to his father ’s generosity and party - throwing . Jason even earns a spot on the diving team as well after Thornton — who claims to have once been a spectacular diver himself — talks the Grand Lakes coach into giving the kid another look . As a student , even though Diane is inspiring a deeper appreciation of literature , Thornton prefers partying to studying . He hires a team of professionals to complete his assignments , including author Kurt Vonnegut , Jr . Thornton ’s fraud is exposed by Dr. Barbay , who challenges him before Dean Martin to pass an oral examination from all of his professors . If Thornton fails any part of it , he will be expelled . With limited time to prepare , Thornton crams for exams with help from Jason , Derek , Lou and Diane . When the big day comes , Barbay begins by telling Thornton that he has only one question , " ... in 27 parts . " Thornton passes , nevertheless , after Dr. Turner inspires him with Dylan Thomas ' poem " Do not go gentle into that good night " . At the championship swim meet , a little distraction from Derek fouls up the opposing team ’s dives . Chas gives a lackluster dive , followed by a near - perfect performance from Jason . Chas fakes a cramp out of spite in an effort to make the team lose . This gives the coach an inspiration . He calls upon Thornton , who comes out of the grandstand to perform an “ impossible ” dive , the legendary “ Triple Lindy " , to win the meet . Thornton learns that he has passed all his classes with a D , except from Diane , who has given him an A . The movie closes with Thornton lecturing the graduating class that the real world is hard , so : " Move back in with your parents ... let them worry about it ! "
Donna positive Sophie ; Rosie neutral Sophie ; Bill neutral Sophie ; Donna negative Sam ; Sky positive Sophie ; Donna positive Harry <$> On a Greek island called Kalokairi , 20 - year - old bride - to - be Sophie Sheridan posts three wedding invitations ( " [ [ I Have a Dream to different men , who set off for the wedding . Sophie 's bridesmaids and best friends , Ali and Lisa , arrive before the wedding . Sophie reveals that she found her mother 's diary and learned she has three possible fathers : New York - based Irish architect Sam Carmichael , Swedish adventurer and writer Bill Anderson , and British banker Harry Bright . She invited them without telling her mother , believing that after she spends time with them she will know who her father is . Villa owner Donna Sheridan is ecstatic to reunite with her former bandmates , wisecracking author Rosie and wealthy multiple divorcée Tanya , and reveals her bafflement at her daughter 's desire to get married . Donna shows off the villa , rumoured to be built on the legendary fountain of Aphrodite , and explains her precarious finances to Rosie and Tanya . The three men arrive , and Sophie smuggles them to their room and explains that she , not her mother , sent the invitations . She begs them to hide so Donna will have a surprise at the wedding : seeing the old friends of whom she " so often " favourably speaks . They overhear Donna working ( humming " [ [ Fernando and swear to Sophie they will not reveal her secret . Donna spies them and is dumbfounded to find herself facing former lovers she could never forget ( " [ [ Mamma Mia , and is adamant that they leave . She confides in Tanya and Rosie a secret she has kept from everyone — she is uncertain which of the three men is Sophie 's father . Tanya and Rosie rally her spirits by getting Donna to dance with the female staff and islanders . Sophie finds the men aboard Bill 's yacht , and they sail around Kalokairi and tell stories of Donna as a carefree girl . Sophie musters up the courage to speak with her fiancée Sky about her ploy , but loses her nerve . Sky and Sophie sing to each other , but are interrupted when Sky is snatched for his bachelor party . At Sophie 's hen party , Donna , Tanya and Rosie perform as Donna and The Dynamos ( " [ [ Super Trouper . Sophie is delighted to see her mother rock out , but becomes nervous when the festivities are interrupted by the arrival of Sam , Bill and Harry . She decides to talk with each of her three prospective dads alone . While her girlfriends dance with the men ( " [ [ Gim me ! Gim me ! Gim me ! | Gim me ! Gim me ! Gim me ! , Sophie learns from Bill that Donna received the money to invest in her villa from his great aunt Sofia . Sophie guesses she must be Sofia 's namesake and Bill is her father . She asks him to give her away and to keep their secret from Donna until the wedding . Sophie 's happiness is short - lived as Sam and Harry each tell her they must be her dad and will give her away ( " [ [ Voulez - Vous . A shocked Sophie can not tell them the truth and , overwhelmed by the consequences of her actions , faints . In the morning , Rosie and Tanya reassure Donna they will take care of the men . On Bill 's boat , Bill and Harry are about to confide in each other , but are interrupted by Rosie . Donna confronts Sophie in the courtyard , believing Sophie wants the wedding stopped . Sophie says that all she wants is to avoid her mother 's mistakes and storms off . An upset Donna is accosted by Sam , concerned about Sophie getting married so young . Donna confronts him and both realize they still have feelings for each other ( " [ [ SOS . Down on the beach , Tanya and young Pepper continue their flirtations from the previous night . Sophie confesses to Sky and asks for his help . He reacts angrily to his fiancée 's deception and Sophie turns to her mother for support . As Donna helps her daughter dress for the wedding , their rift is healed and Donna reminisces about Sophie 's childhood and how quickly she has grown . Sophie asks Donna to give her away . As the bridal party walks to the chapel , Sam intercepts Donna and begs her to talk . She reveals the pain she felt over losing him . When Sophie and Donna are walking down the aisle , the band plays the tune of " Knowing Me , Knowing You " . Donna tells Sophie that her father is present but he could be any of the three men , whom Sophie admits to inviting . Sam reveals that although he left to get married , he did not go through with it , and returned only to find Donna with another man . Harry confesses that Donna was the first and last woman he loved , and reveals he has begun a relationship with a waiter from the taverna . The three men concur that they would be happy to be one - third of a father for Sophie . She tells Sky that they should postpone their wedding and travel the world as they have wanted . Sam proposes to Donna . She accepts and they are married . At the wedding reception , Sam sings to Donna ( " [ [ When All Is Said and Done , which prompts Rosie to make a play for Bill . All the couples present proclaim their love , as their raucous dancing causes the ground to crack and erupt with water from the fountain of Aphrodite . Sophie and Sky bid farewell to Kalokairi and sail away . During the principal credits , Donna , Tanya and Rosie reprise " Dancing Queen " , followed by " Waterloo " with the rest of the cast . Amanda Seyfried sings " Thank You for the Music " over the end credits .
Charlotte negative John ; Miriam positive Mayhew ; Miriam neutral Velma ; Miriam negative Drew <$> In 1927 , young belle Charlotte Hollis and her married lover , John Mayhew , plan to elope during a party at the Hollis family 's antebellum mansion in Ascension Parish , Louisiana . However , after Charlotte 's father intimidates him , telling him that John 's wife had visited the day before and revealed the affair , John pretends he no longer loves Charlotte and tells her they must part . John is then brutally murdered and decapitated in the summerhouse with a cleaver , with one hand severed . Charlotte discovers the body . She returns traumatized to the party in a bloodied dress , leading most to presume that she is the murderer . The story jumps to 1964 . Charlotte is now a wealthy spinster , still living on the plantation home that has been in her family for generations . Charlotte 's father died the year after Mayhew 's murder , believing his daughter guilty . Charlotte has believed all these years that her father killed Mayhew , but everyone else assumes that it was Charlotte , the crazy recluse , who decapitated her lover . The story picks up as the Louisiana Highway Commission is making preparations to demolish her house and build a new highway through the property . Charlotte is vehemently against this and ignores the eviction notice , refusing to leave . She keeps the foreman , his demolition crew , and the bulldozer away by shooting at them with a rifle . They temporarily give up and leave . Charlotte is living with her housekeeper , Velma , in the Hollis mansion . Seeking help in her fight against the Highway Commission , she calls upon Miriam , a poor cousin who lived with the family as a girl . Miriam renews her relationship with Drew Bayliss , a local doctor who jilted her after the murder . Charlotte 's sanity deteriorates with Miriam 's arrival , her nights haunted by a mysterious harpsichord playing the song Mayhew wrote for her and by the appearance of Mayhew 's disembodied hand and head . Velma , suspecting that Miriam and Drew are after Charlotte 's money , seeks help from Mr. Willis , an insurance investigator who is still interested in the Mayhew case and who has visited Mayhew 's ailing widow , Jewel . Miriam fires Velma , who later returns and discovers that Charlotte is being drugged . Miriam sees the housekeeper trying to take Charlotte out of the house . The two argue at the top of the stairs . Velma tries to escape , but knowing Velma has discovered the drugs , Miriam smashes a chair over her head . Velma falls down the stairs to her death . One night , a drugged Charlotte runs downstairs in the grip of a hallucination , believing John has returned to her . Miriam and Drew decide to trick Charlotte into shooting Drew with a gun loaded with blanks , after which Miriam helps dispose of the " body " in a swamp . Charlotte returns to the house and sees the supposedly dead Drew at the top of the stairs , reducing her to whimpering insanity . Now believing Charlotte completely mad and secure in her room , Miriam and Drew go into the garden to discuss their plan : to drive Charlotte insane in order to get her money . Miriam also tells Drew that back in 1927 she saw Jewel murder her husband . She 's been using this knowledge to blackmail Jewel for all these years , while plotting to gain possession of Charlotte 's wealth . Charlotte overhears all . She moves toward a huge stone urn on the ledge of the balcony , almost directly over the lovers ' heads . Miriam embraces Drew , then the two look up and into Charlotte 's knowing eyes . They are paralyzed by the sight as Charlotte tips the stone urn off the ledge , crushing them both to death . The next morning , the authorities take Charlotte away , presumably to an insane asylum . Many neighbors and locals gather at the Hollis home to watch the proceedings , believing that crazy Charlotte has murdered again . Willis hands her an envelope from the now - dead Jewel Mayhew , who has had a stroke after hearing of the incident the previous night . The note contains Jewel 's confession to the murder of her husband . As the authorities drive Charlotte away , she looks back at her beloved plantation , apparently for the last time .
Kaveri positive he ; Kaveri neutral Kodi ; he positive Kodi ; NASA neutral he <$> Mohan Bhargava is a Non-Resident Indian working at NASA . He had been a student at the University of Pennsylvania , an Ivy League school . After twelve years in the US , he decides to return to India to find his nanny , Kaveri Amma , with whom he has lost touch . Along the way , he meets a number of interesting people from the village called Charanpur where Kaveri Amma now lives ; there 's the village postmaster , eager to know more about e-mails and the Internet , while also having a keen hobby of wrestling ; the ex-freedom fighter who teaches history at the local school and is a lone voice of reason amongst the village elders ; there 's also a cook who harbours ambitions of opening a dhaba on a US freeway , and sees in Mohan an opportunity to get a visa . While Mohan soon adapts to life in the village and endears himself to its people , he also encounters some of its harsher aspects . Among them are poverty , caste discrimination , child marriage , illiteracy , a general disregard for education and an apathy to change . He tries in his own way to bring about some change , even succeeding to the point of dissuading the village elders from moving the local school to smaller and far - away premises . In doing this , he earns the respect of Gita Gayatri Joshi , a childhood acquaintance who lives with Kaveri Amma and runs the local school . One day Kaveri Amma sends him to a village called Kodi to collect dues from a farmer named Haridas who has rented their land . Along the way , Mohan realizes that the problems he had seen in the village mirror those faced by almost all other villages in the country . Haridas , the farmer who owes rent , has no money to feed his own family , mainly because the villagers would not support his attempts at a change of occupation from weaving to farming . Mohan returns empty handed , but is full of a new sensitivity and perspective towards the harsh realities of rural India . This journey to Kodi and back proves to be the turning point in Mohan 's life and he comes back with a resolve to improve the quality of life of the villagers . He enlists the support of a few hundred men and guides them through the building of a reservoir beneath a perennial spring on a nearby hill . Buying turbines and other equipment with his own money , he sets up a small hydro - electric power plant that would solve the problem of irregular electricity and make the village self - sufficient . By then , it 's time for him to leave as his project at NASA is nearing its final stage . Kaveri Amma , whom he had intended to take along with him , refuses to come citing the difficulty of adapting to a new culture at such a late stage in her life . Gita , whom he had fallen in love with and who had fallen in love with him , also refuses to come with him , wanting to remain in the country and continue running the school that her parents had founded . He returns alone but feels a growing sense of responsibility towards his country and guilt for not being able to do much for the welfare of its people . He finishes his project at NASA before resigning and returning to India .
Dixon negative Paine ; Dixon negative Morgan <$> New York City 16th Precinct Police Detective Dixon , who 's in trouble with his superiors for his heavy - handed tactics , subjects murder suspect and gambler Ken Paine ( [ [ Craig Stevens to the third degree - he strikes the drunken Paine in self - defense and accidentally kills him . Paine , however , had a silver plate in his head , a fine war record , and newspaper friends . Dixon then dumps Paine 's body in the river , and is later assigned to find his killer . Dixon tries to place the blame on an old gangster enemy , Tommy Scalise , yet , he inadvertently places the blame for the killing on cab driver Jiggs Taylor . Having fallen in love with Jiggs ' daughter and Paine 's estranged wife , Morgan Taylor - Paine , Dixon tries to clear the cabbie without implicating himself , but ultimately he becomes trapped in a web created by himself . The 16th Precinct commander , Detective Lt. Thomas , Dixon 's boss , is convinced that Morgan 's father is the killer . Dixon continues to find a way to stop Jiggs from being found guilty of murdering Paine , and also tries to redeem himself . In an attempt to move the evidence away from Morgan 's father and blame Scalise , Dixon comes face to face with the gangster and his cronies . A shoot - out leaves Dixon wounded , but the police arrive to arrest Scalice and his mob . Jiggs is finally cleared of the charges . At the end Dixon reassesses his life and decides to confess . He 's arrested and goes to jail . He 's satisfied that Morgan will wait for him until his release .
Raja negative Udayan ; Perumana negative Udayan ; Kompan negative Udayan ; Perumana positive Devan ; Parvathi negative Udayan ; Devan negative Kammaran ; Kammaran negative Udayan ; Devan negative Udayan ; Kompan negative Kammaran ; Chandran positive Udayan <$> { { Plot } } The movie is a localized adaption of The Count of Monte Cristo , told in Kerala 's medieval milieu . The Raja of Kolathiri is a prosperous ruler of Northern Kerala . Prince Udayan , Raja 's nephew , is handsome , brave and intelligent than Devan ( [ [ Madhu Raja 's elder nephew . Both love each other as close brothers . Udayan 's powerful tactics and superior military skills saved the kingdom from attacks by the Kompan Dacoits . Raja named Udayan as his successor to the throne . Despite Prince Devan 's seniority , he welcomed the decision . Devan secretly admired Raja 's daughter Parvathi and hoped to marry her . Princess Parvathi was in love with Prince Udayan and Raja agreed to allow Parvathi to marry Udayan . Devan felt betrayed . Nevertheless , he did not oppose the decision . On the other hand , 2 nobles , Kammaran and Perumana Kurup were upset by Udayan 's ascension because they feared he would expose the nobles corrupt and scandalous actions . Using Devan 's secret love for Parvati , Kammaran turned Devan against Prince Udayan and Devan joined the conspiracy to keep Udayan out of the country so he could not ascend to the throne . Kammaran and Kompan Dacoits staged a royal pardon and a peace treaty , and insisted that Prince Udayan , as the crown prince , must come to sign the treaty . Believing this move would ensure permanent peace in his Kingdom , Prince Udayan agreed to come in person to sign , even it was on his wedding eve . Prince Udayan at Kompan 's camp was betrayed by his own soldiers who were arranged by Kammaran and he was taken into Kompan 's captivity . However news flashed in the country as Prince Udayan betrayed Kolathiri Raja and killed some of the Raja 's men . This made the Raja furious , who declared Udayan as a traitor and cancelled the marriage . Kompan instructs his men to kill Udayan . However they decided to sell him as a slave to a cruel captain of a slave ship . Thus he became a slave , toiling hard amidst cruelties inflicted upon him . While as a slave , he meets another slave , Kunjali , from whom he learnt the death of Kolathiri Raja and his queen at Ali Raja 's boat camp by forces arranged by Kammaran and Kompan . Kunjali was the trusted slave of Ali Raja , who tried to save the Kolathiri Raja and his queen , but he was killed by Perumana Kurup by stabbing at his back . He saved Ali Raja 's daughter , Lalia and vast treasures that was secretly stored at the basement , with the help of his men , however could not escape himself from the Kompan 's men , who sold him as slave to Kapithan 's ship . From Kunjali , Udayan came to know the place where the treasures of Ali Raja and his daughter were taken to a safe area . In the meantime , Prince Devan married Princess Paravathi and became the new Kolathiri Raja . However the Royal crown and staff were missing . Though Devan was a good raja , the actual powers of administration were in the hands of Kammaran and Perumana Kurup , who ran the state with heavy corruption and high - handedness which Devan was unaware of . After some years , Udayan and his fellow slave prisoners staged a coup in the ship , killing the captain and releasing themselves . Udayan ran away , became a rich Arab merchant after finding the lost treasures of Ali Raja and his daughter Lalia . Both decided to make a return to Kolathiri Kingdom in disguise to make their revenge . They return to the Kolathiri kingdom in a floating palace as an Arab Prince and Princess . Years made people to forget Udayan and no one was able to recognize him in his new attire and lifestyle , except for Queen Parvathi , who understood him in just a glimpse . King Devan and Queen Parvathi has one son , Prince Chandra ( [ [ Shankar who fell in love with Laila . Meanwhile Udayan was hatching a plot to trap Perumana Kurup , after coming to know that the crown and staff of Kolathiri Raja was in his custody . Udayan approached Perumana Kurup and let him know that he is interested in purchasing rare Jewels and crowns , at an astronomical price . Perumana Kurup brought the crown and staff out of hiding to sell it . However he was caught red - handed by the public and brought before trial . At the trial , he declared that the old raja gifted the crown and staff to him , for attempting to rescue the king from attack and he challenged the prosecutors that they have no evidence against him for betray and robbery . It was at this moment Lalia enters into court room , to declare her true identity as Princess Laila – the heir apparent of Ali Raja , who was the sole eye - witness to the incident . This made Perumana Kurup to commit suicide , when he tries to run away . Udayan 's second target was Kammaran . Kammaran is the new finance minister of the state . The kingdom was facing extreme financial crisis due to mismanagement and corruption . Kammaran advises the king to seek financial assistance from the visiting Arab prince . Devan commissions Kammaran to hold talks with Arab Prince . Kammaran pays visit at the Udayan 's palace , to seek finance , without understanding his true identity . Udayan refused to finance , rather says that he would finance if Kammaran becomes king . This offer made Kammaran greedy and he hatches a plan to trap Devan , similar to the way who he trapped Udayan earlier . In meantime Udayan double - crosses Kammaran , by sending a message to the Devan directly that he is ready to finance . This made Devan suspicious of Kammaran and secretly through his spies he understands the plot his close friend Kammaran made to trap him . Kammaran repeats the old strategy with assistance of the Kompan dacoits who asked the king to come directly with a tribute in order to prevent an attack . Devan along with a few soldiers handpicked by Kammaran , went to Kompan 's camp with a treasure chest . However much to their surprise , instead of tribute , soldiers were hiding inside the chest , who attacked Kompan and killed Kammaran 's soldiers . In meantime a large army of Devan stormed into the place , routing Kammaran 's plans . Devan 's army tried to capture Kammaran , but he was rescued by Udayan 's soldiers . It was in Udayan 's camp , Kammaran understood the true identity of Udayan and he was fired by Udayan 's soldiers . Udayan 's final revenge is now against Devan and he was planning on that . In meantime Prince Chandran through his close friend Kannan who was Kammaran 's son , came to know the double cross made by Udayan . He understood , it was Udayan who spoiled the relationships between Kammaran and Devan and challenged Udayan for a public duel , which Udayan accepts . That night a mysterious lady figure enters into Udayan 's palace , which was Queen Parvathi , pleading for her son 's life to Udayan . Udayan refuses , as he said that it was Prince Chandran to declared duel against him and he ca n't quit it . Queen Parvathi said that she understood it was Udayan in disguise and pleaded him considering her love earlier . Udayan promises that he wo n't kill Chandran . Prince Chandran saw his mother coming out of Udayan 's Palace , which made him furious . He questioned his mother . It was then revealed by Paravathi to Chandran , that he is actually Udayan 's son born to Parvathi . This made Chandran surrender to Udayan , while at the duel . Hearing his son 's surrender without a fight made King Devan furious , who went to Udayan 's palace to challenge him . It was there , for first time after his betrayal , Devan saw Udayan , which made him to fall down . When Udayan was about to kill Devan , Parvathi rushes and stops him , saying that Devan has paid for his sins , by raising up Chandra despite of knowing that he was the son of Udayan . This made Udayan to forget his revenge and he forgives Devan . He decides to leave . Hearing that the king has fallen , the Kompan dacoits raided the palace . As the king had fallen and attack was unexpected , the Kolathiri forces were overrun by the Kompan Army . However timely intervention of Udayan 's army , killed Kompan and all his men . He took the crown and gave it to Devan and blessed all of them . When Devan asked Udayan to stay back , he said he has to go back , however gifted his stepdaughter Lalia to Chandran who was in love with her .
Megamind negative Roxanne ; Metro positive Roxanne ; Hal negative Megamind ; Hal negative Roxanne <$> Megamind is a super-intelligent alien , and the supervillian of Metro City . He continually battles - and loses - against his nemesis , Metro Man , a rivalry that has extended since the two arrived on Earth as infants . On the day of dedication of a museum in Metro Man 's honor , Megamind and his sidekick Minion kidnap reporter Roxanne Ritchi to lure Metro Man into a copper - lined observatory . Inside , Metro Man appears to become weak from the copper , and everyone is surprised when Megamind 's death ray appears to kill Metro Man . Megamind revels in his victory , but this is short - lived as without a nemesis , his villainy has no purpose . While attempting to destroy the Metro Man museum , Megamind uses a holographic disguise of the curator , Bernard , to talk with Roxanne . She gives him the idea of creating a serum containing Metro Man 's DNA to inject in a worthy target , thus creating a new superhero for Megamind to fight . Later , as Megamind finishes the serum in his lair and locates a worthy target , Roxanne sneaks into the lair , and in the resulting chaos , Megamind injects the serum into Roxanne 's dimwitted camera man , Hal . Megamind disguises himself as Hal 's " space dad " to groom the new hero into shape to fight Megamind in a few days ; Hal takes the superhero alias of " Tighten " , a result of mishearing Megamind 's suggestion of Titan . During this , Megamind , in the Bernard disguise , continues to see Roxanne and becomes close to her , unaware that Hal also had romantic interests in her . Minion expresses discontent at Megamind 's lack of villainy and angrily leaves him . On the night before the battle , while dining with Roxanne , the holographic disguise fails revealing his identity , and Roxanne leaves him . Furthermore , he loses track of his invisible car that has the anti-serum to restore Hal to normal . Upset , he vows to fight Hal the next day , but Hal does not show up at the appointed time . Megamind finds a bitter and heart - broken Hal having used his powers for ill - gotten gains . Megamind is horrified at this change and attempts to convince Hal to be a " hero " by revealing how he has manipulated Hal . Hal realizes he has been toyed with and battles Megamind . Megamind attempts to capture Hal in a copper - lined trap , but it fails to weaken Hal , and the villain is forced to flee Metro City , while Hal begins to threaten the city with his powers . Megamind meets with Roxanne who takes him to Metro Man 's secret lair , and both are surprised to find Metro Man there . The former hero explains on the fateful day , he had an epiphany and pretended to be killed as to forego the superhero career and become a musician . He refuses to help stop Hal . Roxanne tries to convince Megamind that he could be the hero , but Megamind has resigned himself to be the villain and turns himself in at prison . When Hal kidnaps Roxanne and threatens her life if Megamind does not fight him , Megamind has a change of heart and requests the warden to let him go , surprised to find the warden is Minion in disguise , having returned to help out . Megamind and Minion fight Hal by holographically disguising themselves as Metro Man and Megamind , respectively , but a slip of the tongue reveals their true identity . As the disguise is broken , another battle ensues . In the fray , Megamind discovers his lost invisible car . He grabs the anti-serum and heroically injects Hal with it , reverting the superhero to a normal man . Hal is taken away while Roxanne convinces Metro City 's citizens that Megamind chose to be their hero . Later , Megamind and Roxanne 's relationship has become close , and the city welcomes Megamind as their new protector , while a disguised Metro Man , hidden in the crowd , quietly congratulates him .
he positive Nita ; Nita positive He ; Maud positive He ; Nita positive Ricco ; James negative Nita <$> In the early 1950s , Kalique , a port in North Africa , a man is escorted through an angry , clamouring crowd by a platoon of soldiers . They enter a fort and it is clear that he is to be executed . The commander orders the men to line up in two rows and gives the order to fire . As the shots ring out , the scene changes to a ferry ship , the " Golden Fleece " in the docks as the passengers embark for the two days ' journey to Gibralter . Amongst the crew , there is much dismay , and the chief officer , Carlos Ricco takes to his cabin with the clear intention of getting drunk . He is interrupted by an elderly gentleman , Lawrence St. James who had come to speak his nephew , Captain Henry St. James on an unspecified , but urgent , matter . He is profoundly shocked to learn that the grief he had encountered on the ship is due to the death of the man he had traveled from England to see . He begs Ricco , to explain what has led to such an event . He learns that his nephew Henry was the prosperous owner and skipper of this small passenger ship which he captained as it ferried regularly to and fro between Gibraltar and Kalique , a port in North Africa . In Morocco , he lives with his lover , Nita { { spaced ndash } } a young , hot - blooded , exotic lady . She is 13 years younger than he and refers to him as " her Jimmy " . He takes her out every night to expensive , fashionable restaurants and night clubs , where they lead a loud and wild lifestyle , and swim in the sea in the middle of the night . In Gibralter , he shares his life with Maud { { spaced ndash } } his devoting , domesticated wife , just three years his junior { { spaced ndash } } living a respectable , sober existence , and going to bed every night no later than ten o'clock with their cocoa . St James gives Nita lingerie . He gives Maud a vacuum cleaner . Both are delighted . He has found a perfect existence { { spaced ndash } } his paradise . Growing perhaps complacent , St. James makes a careless mistake . This leads to Ricco , up till then believing Nita to be the captain 's wife , discovering that the true Mrs. St James is living in Gibralter . Ricco is glad to assist St. James in maintaining the deception and is soon called into action when Maud flies to Kalique and by chance meets Nita . St. James arranges to have Maud arrested before she and Nita were about to realise that they are married to the same man . He convinces Maud that Morocco is a dangerous place and that she should never return there . The years pass by . Maud has twins . She is thrilled with her two boys , but when they are sent to school in England , Maud is no longer enamoured with her existence . She wants to dance and drink gin . On the other hand , Nita wants to stay home and cook for her man . Henry is dismayed and makes every effort to keep everything just the way it was . His attempts to maintain the status quo result in both women taking lovers . When St James discovers Nico 's infidelity , he leaves the flat as she continues the argument with her lover , Absalom . Nita shoots and kills her lover . To spare Nita , Captain St. James claims he was the killer . The execution is then shown , but the firing squad swing their rifles to the left and shoot their commanding officer . St. James hands them money and walks away .
Laxmi positive Raju ; Saraswati positive Raju ; Laxmi negative Saraswati <$> Beta is the story of Raju , the only child of a widowed multi-millionaire . Raju 's father can provide him anything he wants , but Raju 's only desire is to have a mother 's love . To please him , his father gets married to Laxmi , thinking that she will take care of Raju . Raju becomes completely devoted to his stepmother , doing whatever she wishes . Raju 's stepmother keeps Raju uneducated , under the pretext that education would get her son a job working for other people , while she wants her him to be self - employed . As he grows up , Raju 's father is gradually isolated from the family and locked in a dark room of the family home , being labelled as mentally unstable . Raju , meanwhile , meets Saraswati . Raju sees her being abducted and assaulted at a fair . After he saves her , the two fall in love . Raju marries Saraswati after everyone in the village believes that she is no longer chaste . Saraswati discovers that Laxmi 's motherly love for Raju is fake and all that Laxmi is interested in is capturing Raju 's wealth . She is horrified to find Raju 's father being treated as a mentally ill patient . Only after speaking to him does she realise that the reason for Raju 's naive nature and uneducated status is because his stepmother manipulated him so that she can take advantage of him . Laxmi has another son from the father who is being educated but also seeks Raju 's wealth which his mother Laxmi intends for him to inherit . And thus begins a battle within the household between daughter - in - law and mother - in - law which involves Saraswati trying to outdo Laxmi . Initially , Saraswati allows Raju 's father to come out of his prison and insists that there is nothing wrong with him . She voices her concerns to Raju about his mother , resulting in Saraswati being slapped repeatedly around the courtyard of the house in front of all the family members . Saraswati is ready to leave but wisely decides to apologise to her mother - in - law , only to take an oath to protect her husband and her house from Laxmi 's immoral intentions . This humiliation does not deter Saraswati who cleverly starts exposing Laxmi 's every step in a dignified manner for the sake of her husband . She publically exposes the fact that Raju 's younger step - brother has not received a degree in Medicine , rather that he has bought a fake one . She gives Laxmi a taste of her own medicine by causing her to slip which leads to an over-protective Raju to look after her and not allow her to do anything but lay down &mdash; scuppering any plans Laxmi intends to execute . Upon discovering that Saraswati is pregnant , Laxmi decides that enough is enough and tries to kill Saraswati by mixing poison with saffron that Laxmi will mix with her milk . However , when Saraswati discovers this , she approaches Raju and tells him the truth once again . Raju refuses to believe her , even when she takes an oath upon her unborn child 's life and decides to prove Saraswati wrong by offering to drink the poisoned milk himself . Only when Raju begins to cough up blood , does he realise that Saraswati was telling the truth . He confronts his mother in his usual innocent manner and asks her why she had forsaken him ; he tells her that , had she simply asked him for his wealth , he would have happily agreed to give her all he had . He tells Laxmi that his dying wish will be that he would request his mother to at least once with a clean heart to call him ' her son ' , so that he may die in peace . His words touch Laxmi deeply and she realises the cruelty that she has shown the only son who has ever loved her . There is a brief altercation between Laxmi and her real son who still wishes to procure Raju 's wealth . Raju , in his deteriorating state still manages to save his mother from his step - brother . The film concludes with Raju recovering following treatment and agreeing to give up his worldly possessions to his mother and leaving home with his wife and father . At the last moment , Laxmi begs him not to leave , claiming to have learnt the error of her ways ; she tears up the property papers and tells him that she does not want his wealth , all she wants is ' her son ' and nothing more .
Timmy positive Strangle ; Timmy positive Tootie <$> Thirteen years after the original series , Timmy Turner has grown into a twenty - three - year - old man , but through maintaining a lifestyle considered immature for someone of his age he has managed to keep his fairy godparents . However , Timmy 's refusal to mature greatly irritates his parents , who seem desperate to encourage him to finally leave home , and Jorgen von Strangle , who is constantly scheming up plans that will entice Timmy into giving up his fairies . However , one day Timmy winds up reuniting with a girl from his childhood named Tootie who once possessed an infatuation on him and sees that she has grown into a beautiful activist . Soon , Timmy starts to fall in love with Tootie and begins to date her , much to the chagrin of his fairy godparents , Cosmo and Wanda , who continuously scheme to repel Tootie . Meanwhile , Timmy 's schoolteacher , Denzel Crocker , teams up with an oil tycoon by the name of Hugh Magnate in order to kidnap Timmy 's fairies and use their magic for their own delights . At the same time , a romantic relationship develops between Tootie and Timmy , who is torn between keeping his fairies and dating Tootie . However , one day Magnate deceives and kidnaps Tootie while Crocker captures Cosmo , Wanda , and their baby son Poof , imprisoning them in a device programmed to use their magic to grant anybody 's wishes . After betraying Crocker , Magnate tortures the fairies by fooling around with the wish - granting invention , which electrocutes them each time somebody makes a wish , but fortunately soon Timmy comes to the rescue of both the fairies and Tootie and battles with both his enemy and the toy robot that Magnate used the fairies ' magic to anthropomorphize , successfully freeing Tootie . However , now Timmy is forced to give up his fairy godparents , who vanish forever . Although Timmy is saddened deeply by the departure of Cosmo , Wanda , and Poof , he is happy to be free to latch on to more mature behaviors as he longed to do , but soon learns from Jorgen von Strangle that because of his courage a new law was passed in Fairy World that will now permit him to keep his fairy godparents forever as long as he makes only charitable wishes . Because of this , Tootie and Timmy plan to start a charity organization in which they will make wishes that will mend all of the world 's problems or travesties , flying away in a magical van .
Hill neutral Nell ; Nell negative Theo ; Nell negative Crain ; Nell positive Carolyn ; Luke negative Crain <$> Eleanor “ Nell ” Vance has cared for her invalid mother for 11 years . After her mother dies , her sister evicts her . Nell receives a phone call about an insomnia study , directed by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House , a secluded manor in the Berkshires of western Massachusetts , and applies for it . At the house , she meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley , a strange pair of caretakers . Two other participants arrive , Luke Sanderson , and the bisexual Theodora , along with Dr. Marrow and his two research assistants . Unknown to the participants , Dr. Marrow ’s true purpose is to study the psychological response to fear , intending to expose his subjects to increasing amounts of terror . Each night , the caretakers chain the gate outside Hill House , preventing anyone from getting in or out until morning . During their first night , Dr. Marrow relates the story of Hill House . The house was built by Hugh Crain ( [ [ Charles Gunning — a 19th century textile tycoon . Crain built the house for his wife , hoping to populate it with a large family of children ; however , all of Crain ’s children died during birth . Crain ’s wife died before the house was finished , and Crain became a recluse . After the story , Marrow 's assistant ’s face is slashed by a snapped clavichord wire . The freak accident causes Marrow ’s research assistants to leave . Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena within the house . Nell sees apparitions , but the others do n't believe her . Hugh Crain 's wood portrait morphs into a skeletal face and is vandalized with the words " Welcome Home Eleanor " written in blood . Nell becomes determined to prove that the house is haunted by the souls of people victimized by Crain 's cruelty . She learns that Crain took children from his mills and murdered them , then burned the bodies in the fireplace , trapping their spirits and forcing them to remain with him , providing him with an ' eternal family ' . She also learns that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn , from whom she is descended . After several more terrifying events , Nell insists that she can not leave the souls of the children to suffer for eternity at Crain 's hands . Trying to convince the obviously mentally - unbalanced Eleanor to leave the house with them , Theo offers to let Nell move in with her , but Nell reveals her relation to Carolyn and claims she must help the children " pass on " . Hugh Crain 's spirit seals up the house , trapping them all inside . A frustrated Luke defaces a portrait of Hugh Crain . Crain 's enraged spirit drags Luke to the fireplace where he is decapitated . Nell is able to lead Crain 's spirit towards an iron door . Avenging spirits pull Crain into the door , dragging him down to Hell . Nell is pulled with him , inflicting fatal trauma on her body , but the spirits gently release her on the ground . Her soul rises up to Heaven , accompanied by the ghosts of Crain 's victims . After Nell 's death , Theo and Dr. Marrow wait by the gate outside till the Dudleys come in the morning . The Dudleys approach as the sun rises . Mr. Dudley asks Dr. Marrow if he found what he wanted to know , but the traumatized psychiatrist does not give an answer , and neither does Theo . When the gate opens , the two silently walk out and down the road , leaving Hill House behind them .
Giulia neutral Carlo <$> At first glance the Ristuccia family is apparently normal and close - knit , but all of its members are hiding something . Carlo , the head of the family , would like to become a writer rather than continue working in an insurance company . Giulia , his wife , is a professor of literature who aspires to become an actress . Paolo is an insecure teenager who can not successfully assert himself in front of girls whom he likes . Valentina desires to become a television showgirl at any cost . This silence is broken when Carlo meets his old love Alessia , with whom he starts an extra-marital affair . As a result Giulia falls into total despair , destroying the family 's equilibrium and losing control over their children .
Johnny negative Roarke ; Johnny negative Moreau ; Danny neutral Nadya ; Danny neutral Carrigan ; Danny positive Johnny ; Danny negative Roarke <$> As a French priest named Moreau warns the monks of a monastery about an impending attack by the devil 's forces to obtain a boy named Danny , the monastery falls under attack ; Moreau tries to help the boy and his mother Nadya escape , but the distrusting mother shoots at Moreau and flees with her son . Moreau manages to distract the men chasing Danny and Nadya , but nearly dies in the process and loses them . He believes that only the Ghost Rider is capable of protecting the boy . He finds the Rider and seeks his help . Five years have passed since this first movie , which dealt with Johnny Blaze making a deal with the devil Roarke , and becoming the Ghost Rider - a vengeful , fiery spirit who feeds on the evil of his victims and consumes the souls of sinners . No matter how small the infraction - anything from genocide to a white lie - the Rider does n't differentiate . This drives Blaze into hiding , fighting the evil spirit within him . Moreau finds him with some ease and convinces him to save the boy in exchange for his priesthood 's ability to restore Johnny 's soul and remove the Ghost Rider 's curse forever . Meanwhile , pursuers force Nadya and Danny from the road and bring them to their leader : her former boyfriend Ray Carrigan . Carrigan has Danny tied up and is about to execute Nadya when the Ghost Rider appears ; the Ghost Rider kills several of Carrigan 's men and then moves in on Danny . Nadya distracts the Ghost Rider , who then is shot with grenades into submission . Carrigan leaves with Danny in tow . Johnny wakes up the next morning in a hospital . On the way out , he convinces Nadya not to accept him , but to trust him to find Danny . However , Carrigan tells Roarke about the Rider , and Roarke speaks an incantation to Danny via phone ; this , in effect , puts up a " firewall " preventing the Rider from sensing his whereabouts . He warns Carrigan it will not shield him from being sensed and gives him instructions to deliver Danny . Nadya later tells Blaze that , as she lay dying , she made a deal with Roarke : her life in return for him impregnating her with Danny , making Danny a direct vessel for Roarke and the potential for him to have unlimited power on the surface world . Roarke lacks this power so far from hell . Danny nearly escapes , but breaks his ankle and is recaptured . That night , Nadya and Johnny interrogate a known contact of Carrigan 's . Johnny takes off ahead of Nadya to deal with Carrigan . Nadya saves Danny as the Rider converts a crane into a massive fiery machine , destroying their hideout complex and mortally wounding Carrigan ; Danny is able to stop the rider with a word , exercising his hidden power . Moreau catches up with the group as they ride off , but Roarke is n't done with Carrigan ; using his power , he turns Carrigan into a demon capable of instantly decaying anything he touches . Johnny and Nadya bring Danny to Moreau 's monastery with warm reception . Moreau delivers on his end of the bargain and , after explaining that the Ghost Rider is the twisted incarnation of the Angel of Justice Zarathos after being captured and tortured to madness while in Hell , he exorcises Johnny of the spirit and becomes human again . The head monk proclaims that Danny will never be safe from the influence of evil and says he must die , taking Johnny , Moreau , and Nadya captive in order to execute the boy . Carrigan intervenes , however , killing the monks and taking Danny captive again to deliver to Roarke . The others follow , with Johnny not wanting to desert Danny after having promised to protect him . With the ritual to transfer Roarke 's spirit and power into Danny underway , the three infiltrate the compound to save him . Carrigan kills Moreau , but Danny - who Roarke states has the same powers as he does - gives Johnny back the power of the Ghost Rider . Roarke manages to escape with Danny , and the Ghost Rider and Nadya give pursuit . After a vehicular struggle , Ghost Rider manages to defeat Carrigan and causes the SUV carrying Roarke and Danny to crash . The Ghost Rider sends Roarke back into hell while Danny , who had died in the accident , is returned to his mother . Channeling the blue flame of the Spirit of Justice , Johnny manages to revive Danny and assures him that his existence is assured . As the film closes , the Rider , now covered in the blue flames of the angel instead of reddish yellow flames seen before , rides off on his motorcycle , saying " I 'm Johnny Blaze , the Ghost Rider " .
Tom neutral Bache <$> The story centers around three sailors who conduct shady business on board their vessel , Sandy Hook . The film starts with two of them , Tom Jansen and Sverre , taking tourists on a polar bear safari . During this trip and at a later scene at a pub in Longyearbyen , where Tom 's girlfriend , Eva Jelseth is introduced , the viewers are briefed on the politics of Svalbard and the large Soviet presence . The third seaman , Lars , presents plans to freight a bulldozer to the mainland from Sarstangen . They have been instructed to dump the bulldozer underway as part of an insurance fraud scheme , but have instead have made arrangements to sell the vehicle on Greenland . While at port , Tom is called to visit Governor Bache , who warns that he will be keeping an eye on them . After a dramatic but successful delivery of the bulldozer to the purchasers , they return towards Longyearbyen . They report to Isfjord Radio to say they were caught in a storm , but deviate their route back to avoid returning too early . They get caught in actual bad weather and decide to pull up in a near - by island , Kjerulføya , north of Nordaustlandet . The following day they go ashore to find food , but instead find a cable . They follow the cable until finding a Soviet bearing station . While at the station , they are discovered by the Russians . They return fire after being shot at , killing a Russian and having Sverre wounded . They escape and decide to mix with the fishing fleet to avoid being spotted . However , they are intercepted by a seemingly civilian Aeroflot helicopter , which turns out to be heavily armed and fires at the ship . Sandy Hook steers into a narrow bay and the protagonists fire back , eventually destroying the helicopter with a firebomb . They continue to Kapp Dufferin , where they anchor up . Tom rows to land to find supplies , but while on land a Soviet helicopter bombes Sandhy Hook , killing Lars and Sverre . Tom has to walk across Spitsbergen to reach Longyearbyen . After a long march through the wilderness he reaches a closed mine and rides with an aerial tramway for coal to Longyearbyen . Tom awakes at hospital in the company of Bache . He is not believed concerning the sinking of his ship and is sent to Oslo for interrogations by a United States colonel and other American military personnel . In a scene at Holmenkollen Park Hotel , the Soviet ambassador and Norwegian minister discuss the consequences of public knowledge of the incident . Tom is offered a new identity and a job on board a foreign trade vessel . On his way to the port , he escapes from the military police by mixing with a carnival parade . Two endings of the film were made . The second one had a longer chase scene involving rendezvousing with Eva , but in both cases Tom ends up being killed . Whether this is done by Soviet or American intelligence is left as an open question .
Charlie neutral Julie ; Charlie neutral Bergen ; Molly negative Bergen ; Fibber neutral Horton ; Fibber negative Gildersleeve ; Charlie negative Gildersleeve ; Charlie neutral Horton ; Bergen negative Julie ; Horton positive Bergen ; Fibber positive Julie ; Marge neutral Jerry <$> In New York , Edgar Bergen does his last radio performance of the season , a doctor 's sketch with his puppet , Charlie McCarthy and his assistant , Julie Patterson . After the performance Bergen hosts an engagement party for Julie and his business partner , Jerry Wood . The next day , Bergen flies his new plane and he and Charlie are set for their summer vacation . En route , Bergen gets lost and lands in Wistful Vista , home of Fibber McGee and Molly . Bergen 's almost crash landing interrupts a meeting with Wistful Vista 's Chamber of Commerce . Fibber , president , has just proposed the selling of the town 's airstrip to Hilary Horton , owner of the Horton Aircraft Factory . The Commerce and townspeople thought Bergen 's plane was carrying Horton . Bergen and Charlie are welcomed to the town and Fibber and Molly invite them to stay at their home . Learning of Fibber 's plans , Bergen offers to convince Hilary , his friend , to build his factory at Wistful Vista . Throckmorton P. Gildersleeve , secretly working for Ironton Realty , a rival company wanting to purchase Horton 's factory , gets a scoop of Fibber and Bergen 's plans . He goes to Sam Cudahy , owner of Ironton Realty , planning to back out of Cudahy 's schemes . Threatened by blackmail , Gildersleeve tricks Fibber into paying for an elaborate luncheon to honor their guest . Gildersleeve 's trickery continues when he meets Charlie McCarthy , who is fed up staying at Wistful Vista and wants to find a way to leave town . Gildersleeve suggests that Charlie sends a fake telegram to Bergen saying that his former assistant , Julie Patterson , is ill . Charlie does and on the day Bergen is to fly Hilary Horton to Wistful Vista , he receives the telegram , thus suddenly changing his plans . Bergen arrives back in New York , discovering Julie is well . He then quickly returns to Wistful Vista with a protesting Julie in tow . Bergen 's business partner , Jerry , with his former fiancée and Julie 's replacement , Marge , search for Julie . Meanwhile , Fibber , humiliated , resigned from the Chamber of Commerce and has been notified that his house is in foreclosure and the airstrip has been purchased by Cudahy . Charlie confesses to Julie that Gildersleeve suggested sending the fake telegram . Julie then devises a scheme to foil Cudahy into investing in some worthless land belonging to Fibber and for Gildersleeve to trade his land for the airstrip . Bergen successfully convinces Hilary to fly into Wistful Vista . Meanwhile , Jerry and Marge , still searching for Julie , have decided that they are still in love and get married . Back at the McGees ' , Molly discovers that Julie is in love with Bergen and advises her to " sabotage " him into marriage . Everyone drives to the airstrip to meet Horton . As Fibber and Molly wait in Bergen 's plane , he and Julie greet Jerry and Marge , who have just driven into town . When Fibber accidentally takes off , Julie and Bergen follow in another plane . Horton 's plane is also coming and Fibber nearly crashes into him . Bergen climbs aboard the plane , and safely lands Fibber and Molly . After returning to the McGee house , Jerry and Marge announce their marriage . At that moment , Horton arrives and informs Bergen that he owns a controlling interest in the Horton company and can build a factory wherever he desires . So , with Fibber 's good name restored , Julie embraces Bergen .
Littlefoot negative Cera ; Littlefoot negative Ducky ; Sharptooth positive Cera ; Ducky neutral Spike ; Littlefoot negative Petrie <$> In a time overlapping the Jurassic Period and Cretaceous Period , a drought is occurring and several herds of dinosaurs seek an oasis known as the " Great Valley " . Among these , a diminished " Longneck " herd gives birth to a single baby , named Littlefoot . Years later , Littlefoot plays with Cera , a " Three - horn " , who was trying to smash a beetle until her father intervenes ; whereupon Littlefoot 's mother names the different kinds of dinosaurs : " Three - horns " , " Spiketails " , " Big Mouths " , and " Flyers " and states that each has historically remained apart . That night , as Littlefoot follows a " Hopper " , he encounters Cera again , and they play together briefly until a " Sharptooth " attacks . He almost has them , before Littlefoot 's mother comes to their rescue . During their escape , she suffers severe back and neck injuries from the Sharptooth 's teeth and claws . At that same time , an " earthshake " opens a deep ravine that swallows up the Sharptooth and divides Littlefoot and Cera from their herds . Littlefoot finds his dying mother , and receives her advice in favor of his intuition . Depressed and confused , Littlefoot meets an old Scolosaurus named Rooter , who consoles him upon learning of his mother 's death . Littlefoot later hears his mother 's voice guiding him to follow the " bright circle " past the " great rock that looks like a longneck " and then past the " mountains that burn " to the Great Valley . On his journey , Littlefoot meets Cera once again and tries to get her to join him , but she refuses . Later , Littlefoot is accompanied by a young " Bigmouth / Swimmer " named Ducky , whose company bears him out of his depression . Soon after , they meet an aerophobic " Flyer " named Petrie . Cera , who is attempting to find her own kind , finds the unconscious Sharptooth inside the ravine . Thinking he is dead , Cera harasses him , during which she mistakenly wakes him up , and flees . She later bumps into Littlefoot , Ducky , and Petrie , and tells them that the Sharptooth is alive ; although Littlefoot does not believe her . She then describes her encounter , during which she accidentally flings Ducky into the air and discovers a hatchling " Spiketail " , whom she names Spike and brings him into the group . Seeking the Great Valley , they discover a cluster of trees , which is abruptly depleted by a herd of Diplodocus . Searching for remaining growth , they discover one tree still with leaves , and obtain food by stacking up atop each other and pulling the leaves down . Cera remains aloof ; but at nightfall , everyone including herself gravitates to Littlefoot 's side for warmth and companionship . The next morning , they are attacked by Sharptooth , but escape through a cave - tunnel too small to admit him . Beyond this , they discover the Longneck - shaped monolith mentioned by Littlefoot 's mother , and later a string of " mountains that burn " . Cera grows impatient of the seemingly resultless trip and decides to go another way , but Littlefoot refuses , telling her the way she is going is wrong and when Cera refuses to retract an insult about Littlefoot 's mother , a fight between the two ensues causing a schism in the travelling party whereby Littlefoot continues in the direction he was told , while the others follow Cera . When Ducky and Spike become endangered by lava and Petrie gets stuck in a tar pit , Littlefoot rescues them ; later to find Cera harassed by a small territorial herd of " Boneheads " , and , having been coated in tar , scare them away . Ashamed of her fear and reluctant to admit her mistake , Cera leaves them in tears . Later , while crossing a pond , Petrie discovers the Sharptooth nearby . Tired of the Sharptooth stalking them and determined to avenge his mother , Littlefoot plots to lure him into the water beneath a nearby boulder , intending to drown him . As Ducky lures Sharptooth to the water , Littlefoot and Spike are having trouble moving the boulder . During the proceeding struggle , a draft from Sharptooth 's nostrils enables Petrie to flight . Sharptooth leaps onto the boulder and the plan nearly fails until Cera reunites with the group , allowing Littlefoot and his friends to push both Sharptooth , Petrie and the boulder into the water below , momentarily taking Petrie down with him ; but he later emerges unharmed . Littlefoot , alone , follows a cloud resembling his mother to the Great Valley , there to be joined by the others . Upon arrival , Petrie impresses his family with his newfound flight , while Ducky introduces Spike to her family , who adopt him . Cera reunites with her father and Littlefoot rejoins his grandparents . Cera then calls for Littlefoot to play . They join their friends at the top of a hill and embrace each other in a group hug .
Boone neutral Murphy <$> After making a 3 - hour fiasco about New York City 's water supply , a two - man film crew decides to take it up a notch by documenting life in the private investigator offices of " Boone and Murphy " . Cheating husbands and missing dogs fail to bring in the big bucks however , and after sleeping with the wife of one of their clients Murphy leaves . To stop Boone from having to close down the business the two film - makers must resort to a hands - on approach in the investigations to ensure the completion of their movie .
Omar negative Montine <$> Montine McLeod is a flight attendant who gets stuck with Omar Hassan after their flight gets grounded in Longview , Texas the morning of Sept. 11 , 2001 . Omar is an unaccompanied minor , in the chaos that ensues Montine becomes his temporary guardian . She later discovers that Omar ’s father works in the World Trade Center . She decides to drive the boy home after he informs her his father is at home waiting for him in New York . On the journey , they begin to bond and learn more about each other . Montine makes a stop on the way to New York as she receives a call that her mother is dying . Once she makes it to her mothers house , she arrives to find her mother dead . After dealing with her mother 's death , she continues to head back on the road to take Omar home . When they get there , they learn Omar 's father has not been home in the two days since the destruction of the towers . Later that night , Montine receives a call from her employer , and is forced to bring Omar . At the ensuring meeting , Montine is terminated and Omar taken from her and is given to his school head master for the night before leaving for a new school the following day . The day Omar is set to leave for Los Angeles , he locks himself in the bathroom and refuses to come out . Montine is asked to come and she coaxes Omar out of the bathroom . At the end , she walks him to his flight to Los Angeles .
Grigsby neutral Thompson <$> Beginning in the Congo , a group of mercenaries led by British Major Harry Grigsby are due to be picked up by helicopters after completing a mission . As they board the choppers they are fired on from the helilcopters by another group of mercenaries led by American Kip Thompson who has been hired to change sides . Recovering in England , Grigsby is recruited by HM Government to take out Thompson who has been hired by Red China to stir up trouble in the New Territories between Hong Kong and Red China . Grigsby recruits his surviving old crew including Rafer Johnson , John Thaw , Andrew Keir , and Julian Glover . In addition to fighting Thompson , Grigsby finds time to seduce the wife of his liaison , a British General .
Michael positive Odin ; Odin negative Roger ; Michael negative Roger ; Odin positive Desi ; Hugo negative Odin <$> The film starts during a basketball game . At the last minute Odin scores the basket that wins the game for his team . Later at an awards ceremony Duke presents the MVP award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with Michael . At a party celebrating the victory , Hugo plans with Roger to tell Desi 's father that Odin raped her in order to split them up so that Roger can woo her . Roger , however , is only a pawn in Hugo 's ultimate plan to destroy Odin . Later in another game Odin 's team wins once again . At the celebration party , Hugo engineers a fight between Roger and a very drunk Michael , who is temporarily suspended from the team . Hugo tells Michael to ingratiate himself with Desi so that she will talk to Odin on his behalf . Soon afterward , Hugo tells Odin that Desi and Michael have been spending a lot of time together , and that she may be cheating on him . Odin does n't believe this at first , but gradually comes to suspect them . Odin questions Desi , but she calms him down and he believes her . In the meantime , Hugo manipulates Emily into stealing a scarf for him that Odin had given to Desi . Hugo , in turn , gives it to Michael in hopes that Odin will believe that Desi gave Michael the scarf , and so is cheating on him . Meanwhile , Desi and Odin are having passionate sex at a motel . During their lovemaking , Odin sees an image of Michael on top of Desi in the mirror ; angered , he becomes very rough with Desi , to the point that she cries out for him to stop , a plea he ignores . Afterward , they lie together staring in opposite directions . After a dunk contest in which Odin himself performs a dunk that pulls the rim and breaks the glass backboard and assaults a ball boy , Hugo tells Odin about the scarf , convincing him that Desi is cheating on him . Enraged , Odin vows to kill her ; Hugo then promises to kill Michael . Hugo , with Odin and Roger , plans to kill Michael and Desi . Hugo and Roger attempt to kill Michael in a carjacking , but it does not go as planned : Roger and Michael struggle , Hugo hits Michael with a crowbar , knocking him unconscious . Roger shoots Michael in the leg , and then Hugo turns the gun on Roger and makes him shoot himself after telling him that Desi is dead . Odin and Desi are in Desi 's room talking and Odin is pretending to make up with her . They are making out on the bed when suddenly Odin attacks her ; she fights back , but he finally strangles her . Emily rushes into the room and sees Desi 's body ; she soon finds out what Hugo has done . She begins telling Odin that Hugo told her to steal the scarf and exposes his plot . Hugo tells her to shut up , but she refuses , so he shoots and kills her . Odin finally realizes that Hugo has been manipulating him the entire time , and demands to know why ; Hugo refuses to answer . When the police arrive , Odin tells them what happened , and commits suicide , shooting himself in the heart . The story ends with Hugo being taken into police custody , saying that he will have his day in the spotlight .
her positive Arjun ; Kutty negative Arjun ; her positive Kutty <$> The plot opens with Geetha at Kanyakumari beach looking at a lonely lying personal diary where she enjoys a poem written in it . She admires the poem by replying on the same page . While she & her friend admire the beauty of Sunrise , she accidentally loses one of her anklets . She sees a person jumping in after it and she perceives him to have died in the waters . The incident haunts her in her dream again and again and feels very guilty for it . In her college , she meets a rich , handsome boy Arjun who impresses her to win her love . He proposes her and threatens her to love him or else he would die by jumping from college roof top . Already feeling guilty for being cause of a person 's death , not willing to let it happen again Geetha accepts his love and screams ' I love You ' in front of the entire college to Arjun which was witnessed by Kutty . Kutty proposes his love to Geetha in front of Arjun , which shocks Geetha and annoys Arjun . Geetha turns down his request again and again and reminds him of her relationship with Arjun . But Kutty instead tells her that it is not an issue to him and tells her to continue loving Arjun and he would never stop loving her . Arjun is irritated by the acting of Kutty . He fights with him in order to bully him into stopping but instead was challenged by Kutty , that if Arjun is confident in his love no one would separate Geetha from him & may the best man win . Arjun finds no option but to accept in order to prove his confidence in his love . While Kutty pulls all kind of stunts to impress Geetha but fails to make her " feel his love " . Arjun introduces Geetha to his father expecting him to approve & bless their marriage but his father , seeking to further his political ambitions , engages a Minister 's daughter , for Arjun . So Arjun escapes with Geetha who is helped by Kutty . Kutty , Arjun , Geetha are chased by Arjun 's father 's men but are unable to catch them . Meanwhile old wounds renew between Kutty and Arjun . After an intense fight with the henchmen Arjun leaves Geetha with Kutty without saying anything to either of them . Kutty takes care of Geetha , which touches her . She soon realises the love he has for her and regrets not having met him before her commitment to Arjun . She tries telling the same to him , but Kutty thinking that Geetha is scolding him closes his ears and does not hear what she actually said to him . Arjun arrives at the scene his father in tow , now all happy for their marriage . Geetha leaves with Arjun to marry him . On the wedding day of Arjun & Geetha , Kutty wanders here and there to look after wedding related works . His friends understand his internal pain and ask him to cry . While Geetha is on her way to the ceremony , Kutty stops her and openly expresses his pain of his love and how he is going to miss her and asks if his love did touch her at least once , without knowing that his love touched her already . . Geetha does not answer him . Kutty 's kids friends present Geetha a gift in which she finds her lost anklet and the poem page where she wrote a reply while she was in Kanyakumari . Kutty was the person who jumped into the sea to take her anklet and was assumed dead , by Geetha . Geetha finally realises her love for Kutty , rejects her marriage with Arjun and goes to Kutty and accepts his love finally .
Madhu neutral Sidhu ; Siddhu positive Madhu ; Madhu neutral Shanti ; Shanti positive Babu <$> The film opens when Madhumati or " Madhu " and Siddartha Roy or " Siddhu " are born . Madhu 's family is based in Konaseema in Andhra Pradesh and Sidhu 's family is from Kolkota . As babies , Madhu and Siddhu meet in a shopping complex . Madhu and her father love each other dearly . Madhu 's father wants her to marry so that the son - in - law can stay with them and his daughter will not leave her . However , her groom elopes with his girlfriend , apologizing to Madhu that he did not want to ruin another girl 's life . Siddhu receives a visa for higher studies in Canada and he takes off . In the drive to the airport , he has in a car accident . Incidentally , he receives Madhu 's blood . Madhu 's convinces her father to go for higher studies and not be bothered with marriage . Sidhu can not make it to Canada and joins the same college as Madhu . Incidentally , they meet in a temple . They become good friends , while also helping Madhu 's friend , Shanti , and Siddu 's friend , Babu ( [ [ Sivaji _ , who are in love . Shanti 's father is a big goon , and Madhu and Siddhu ensure that Shanti and Babu do not reveal their love to Shanti 's father and get into any trouble . One day while Madhu is studying for exams , Siddhu happens to come . Madhu 's sari moves in the breeze , revealing her navel . Siddhu ogles it . Madhu accuses Siddhu of ogling , and Siddhu denies it . An argument breaks out leading to them accusing each other of hiding their feelings for the other . They end their friendship . After the summer holidays , Shanti 's dad finds out about Babu . Madhu and Siddhu meet again for the sake of their friend 's love . In the course of getting Babu and Shati together , they realize they love each other . The movie ends happily , with the duo married and happily squabbling .
Kieran positive Tyler <$> The winner of a reality television show invites his two best friends to share the Los Angeles penthouse he won for coming in first place , and quickly finds out why living with your pals is not always the best idea . Realising that a bachelor pad is no fun when you are flying solo , Tyler invites Kieran and another friend to come partake in the debauchery . A struggling writer who is reluctant to commit to his longtime girlfriend , Kieran quickly takes Tyler up on the offer , and before long life is one non-stop party . The strains in Tyler and Kieran 's friendship start to show , however , when Tyler 's flirtatious younger sister arrives for a visit , and puts the moves on Kieran .
Michelle positive Jackie <$> In a futuristic world , Michelle lives everyday battling with DNA Hackers who use their skills to hack into people 's bodies and kill them . She is an assassin , battling her past demons and trying to keep her younger and extroverted brother , Jackie , out of trouble . When Jackie gets involved in a petty crime of robbery , he propels himself into the world of DNA Hackers , Shylocks and Gang Fights . Wanting the respect that the world has never given to him only makes it harder for Jackie to peel himself away from the underground trades , against the hopes of his sister , Michelle . Michelle always wanted to leave the city and lead a calm and quiet lifestyle . As emotions and gunfire get into the way , Michelle and Jackie soon find themselves battling between their lives and finding out that in an immoral world , love can still survive ; and that blood is thicker than water .
Trevor negative Nina ; Kyle positive Trevor ; Bud negative Sarah ; Bud negative Engel <$> The movie begins in Leadville , Colorado . Trevor ( [ [ Michael Welch and his girlfriend , Nina , are in an abandoned building having a romantic encounter . They then head back to their respective parents ' homes . They see a long line of cars at a military roadblock sealing off the city . An angry man yells at the officers because his child is sick and needs medical care . There has been an outbreak and medical help is needed throughout town . They are introduced to Captain Rhodes and Corporal Sarah Cross . Soon after , privates Bud Crain and Salazar show up . Cross takes Bud to go with her while she visits her sick mother . When she arrives , Sarah talks to her brother and checks in on her mother . She then goes to see Trevor 's friend , Kyle , after she learns his symptoms are similar to her mother 's . When Bud and Sarah arrive at Kyle 's house , they find the mauled bodies of his parents stashed behind a curtain , with Kyle nowhere to be found . They radio Captain Rhodes and take Nina , Trevor , and their mom to the local hospital . There , Sarah talks to Dr. Logan at the urging of Rhodes , while out in the waiting room all the infected become catatonic . Bud runs to alert Sarah , when all the infected suddenly reanimate . They turn into zombies , transforming while catatonic . They have super-human strength that allows them to run , jump long distances and even crawl on the ceiling . Nina and Trevor escape , seeking refuge in the local radio station , while Sarah , Salazar and Bud become trapped in an upstairs storage room in the hospital . After dispatching the infected Rhodes , who bites Bud 's hand , the three escape from the hospital and make a stop at the gun store before rescuing Trevor and Nina from the radio station . The group heads back to the abandoned warehouse . Bud has turned , but is somehow able to think and does not attack his friends . Sarah believes Bud does not attack because he was a vegetarian , but Salazar speculates that Bud is attracted to Sarah . The group finds an underground bunker , where they reunite with Dr. Logan . They learn about a government project directed by Dr. Engel , which accidentally created the virus that turned the townspeople into zombies . The group explores the bunker , but Dr. Engel attacks and kills Logan . Later , Salazar is grabbed by zombies , giving Sarah a chance to escape and reunite with Trevor and Nina . In the room where they are hiding they find several large gas cylinders . Sarah decides to lure the zombies into the storeroom and burn them with the cylinders . They begin modifying the cylinders into a giant flamethrower . Sarah eventually finds a mob of zombies and shouts to get their attention . The zombified Dr. Engel drops down from the ceiling behind Sarah and grabs her , but before she is bitten , zombified Bud shoots at Engel . This leads to Engel and the other zombies to attack Bud , dismembering him . Sarah then leads the zombies to the room where Trevor and Nina are hiding , and they torch the zombies . The three escape the bunker , and drive off into the night . The movie ends with a surviving zombie jumping in front of the camera in screamer fashion .
Terry negative Marlowe <$> Late one night , private investigator Philip Marlowe is visited by his close friend , Terry Lennox , who asks for a lift from Los Angeles to the California – Mexico border at Tijuana . He obliges . On returning home , Marlowe is awaited by two police department detectives , who accuse Terry Lennox of having murdered his rich wife , Sylvia . Marlowe refuses to give them any information and they arrest him . After three days in jail , the police release him , because Terry Lennox committed suicide in Mexico . It is an open - and - shut case to the police and the press , but the " official facts " do not sit right with Marlowe . In the meantime , Marlowe is hired by Eileen Wade , the platinum - blonde trophy wife of Roger Wade , an alcoholic novelist with writers ' block , whose macho , Hemingway - like persona is proving self - destructive . She asks that Marlowe find her husband , who , despite such regular alcoholic binges and days - long disappearances , now seems to be missing . In the course of investigating Mrs. Wade 's missing - husband case &mdash; visiting the sub-culture of " private " detoxification clinics for rich alcoholics and drug addicts &mdash; Marlowe learns that the Wades " knew " the Lennoxes socially . He is increasingly convinced that there is more to Terry 's suicide and the murder of Sylvia . Marlowe incurs the wrath of ruthless gangster Marty Augustine , who wants money returned that Lennox owed him . Augustine viciously injures his own mistress just to demonstrate what could happen to Marlowe , saying : " Her , I love . You , I do n't even like . " The return of Augustine 's money in the nick of time frees Marlowe to take a second trip to Mexico , where he ultimately uncovers the truth of what happened between Terry and Sylvia Lennox .
Surendra positive Archana <$> Surendra is an honest and hot - blooded cop . Archana is the daughter of police commissioner . They meet accidentally and their relationship blossoms into love . Archana 's father is of Bihar origin . Parents settle the match of Surendra and Archana . When they are about to get engaged , Surendra expresses his reservations due to Archana overhearing her father 's conversation with his long estranged sister on the subject of Archana and Sinha marrying . Surendra takes the blame for the destroyed relationship and Archana goes back to Bihar to wed her cousin Sinha . The rest of the story is all about how Surendra goes to Bihar and wins Archana back .
Lin positive Ken ; Lin neutral Seiken ; Ken negative Jagi ; Lin negative Raoh ; Ken neutral Yuria ; Ken neutral Cassandra ; Ken positive Raoh <$> After a global - scale nuclear war , the majority of earth 's surface has become a wasteland , with most of the world 's survivors fighting over the few uncontaminated food and water supplies . Kenshiro , the master of the deadly martial art Hokuto Shinken , is traveling with his fiancee Yuria when they are confronted by Ken 's former friend Shin of the Nanto Seiken . After defeating Ken in combat , Shin engraves seven wounds on Ken 's chest and leaves him for dead , taking Yuria with him . Ken 's eldest brother Raoh , having witnessed the fight without intervening , returns to his dojo and challenges his Master Ryuken 's decision to choose Ken as his successor over him . Raoh kills Ryuken and proclaims he will become the ruler of the new world . A year passes and Ken is found wandering in the desert . He rescues a couple of young children named Bat and Lin from bandits . Afterwards he allies himself with another martial artist named Rei , a Nanto Seiken master who is searching for his sister Airi . Ken learns from Rei that his brother Jagi has been impersonating him in an attempt to tarnish his reputation and draw him out . Ken heads to Jagi 's lair and defeats him . Before dying , Jagi reveals that he was one who convinced Shin to betray Ken and that he is now living with Yuria in his stronghold of Southern Cross . Elsewhere , Raoh has amassed a huge army , expanding his domain by defeating rival warlords and begins heading to Southern Cross . There Yuria is treated with a life of luxury , living under the rule of King Shin . However , Yuria refuses Shin 's gifts of affection , longing to be reunited with Ken . When she overhears that Ken is still alive , she attempts to sneak out of the castle , only to be taken captive by Raoh , who challenges Shin to combat . A while later , Kenshiro arrives at Southern Cross , finding the city in flames and Shin 's men dead . Shin is still alive and fights Ken , but the battle does not last long , as Shin was graveley wounded in his battle with Raoh . Before dying , Shin tells Ken that Raoh has taken Yuria to Cassandra , the City of Wailing Demons . Lin arrives at Cassandra along with Bat and Rei , where they witness Raoh 's army marching through the streets . Lin sees Yuria being held by Raoh 's men during the parade and decides to break into Raoh 's Dungeon later that night with Bat . The two meet Yuria in her cell and leave her with a plant grown from a seed Yuria gave to Ken before leaving . The plant catches Raoh 's attention and Yuria is immediately sentenced to a public execution the following morning . Rei challenges Raoh , after defeating his second - in - command . However , he is no match against Raoh himself . Ken rushes to Cassandra , but arrives too late . After Rei dies , Kenshiro and Raoh unleash their full fighting aura and battle until most of the town is destroyed . Both exhausted of all their power and strength , Raoh manages to get in the final blow , and incapacitates Ken . Lin interrupts the fight before Raoh can kill Ken , and implores Raoh to stop the fight . Raoh agrees to Lin 's request and walks away , swearing to postpone the battle for another day . Ken leaves Lin and Bat , and continues his search for Yuria , who mysteriously vanished during the final battle .
Devi negative Varma ; Raja positive Bhanu ; Raja positive Sivangi ; Sanjeevaraidu positive Varma ; Gandadu positive Sivangi ; Bahadur positive Varma ; Bhanu positive Vasaka ; Sanjeevaraidu neutral Bahadur ; Devi negative Bahadur ; Bahadur positive Gandadu ; Bahadur positive Sanjeevaraidu <$> Professor Varma discovers a hidden treasure belonging to Ratnagiri Dynasty , by his researching ancient books and maps . Professor Varma decides to achieve the treasure , by gathering a team of some brave people . Bhanu , a orphan cowboy robs a bank , but the loot is robbed by Raja , another orphan cowboy . After a horse chase and fight between them , they both become friends – after revealing their pathetic flashbacks . They both have the same lockets on their necks which are commonly involved in the flashbacks , and it is known that Bahadur was a common enemy who murdered their family members for the treasure secret . In a restaurant professor Varma gathers Mala Devi , a cowgirl after a fight . Raja and Bhanu visits a entertainment feat . In the show Gandadu on a horse ride throws some swords around his sister Sivangi who stands at a door . Pleased by the feat , Raja and Bhanu offers some money and jewelry for Gandadu and Sivangi . Bhanu identifies a culprit who wears the locket which resembles his locket , but the culprit escapes . Raju and Bhanu purchases revolvers in a gun shop . Gandadu and Sivangi saves Raja and Bhanu from the police capture . Professor Varma gathers Mruta Sanjeevaraidu , a famous Ayurvedic doctor for the treasure hunt . Raja and Bhanu escapes from a bar and are joined with Professor Varma , Mala Devi and Sanjeevaraidu . Raja and Bhanu are surprised that professor Varma knows the secret of treasure . Raja and Bhanu reveals their flashbacks to professor Varma . Sivangi is abducted by some men to capture Gandadu , for the treasure secret . Gandadu tries to redeem his sister Sivangi from but he is captured by a net . The men tortures Gandadu and Sivangi for the treasure secret . They both are saved from the torture by the team of Varma . Gandadu and Sivangi welcomes the team to their village in the forest for a dance function . Professor Varma finally forms a team with Raja , Bhanu , Mala Devi , Mrita Sanjeevaraidu , Gandadu and Sivangi as members for the treasure hunt . The team , along with Anji starts its journey for the treasure into a dense forest . In the meanwhile Bahadur rides the house of Professor Varma and knows the place of treasure . In the forest , the team is captured by some ferocious tribes . They are tied to the trees with ropes . Bhanu is loved at first sight by Vasaka , a tribal girl . The team comes to know that they are going to be scarified to the goddess . Vasaka is assured by the tribal head that she can marry Bhanu , provided if Bhanu wins in sword fight against another tribal man . Bhanu wins the sword fight and Vasaka is married to him . In the wedding night , Bhanu pleads Vasaka to help his team escape from the sacrifice . At that night , Vasaka arranges a program for the silent team escape , but in the horse chase she is killed by the pilums . At one place , the team dismounts the horses and starts journey by walk . Mritasanjeeva raidu eats an egg which puts him in temporal misbehavior , but he is saved by the team with few herbal remedies . The team rests at a place , where Sivangi falls in love with Raja . Gandadu dislikes the union of his sister Sivangi with Raja . He fights with Raja and accepts the union when Sivangi tries to commit suicide . One night Mrita Sanjeevaraidu and Mala Devi tries to steal the secret map of treasure from Professor Varma . Mruta Sanjeevaraidu kills Anji who try to stop him going . Next morning the team finds Anji killed . Mrita Sanjeevaraidu is taken away by the men of Bahadur for the map . Mala Devi is found unconscious at a stream by the team . The team finds a stupendous cave entrance resembling a monstrous head . The team goes into the dark cave through the mouth of monstrous head . In the cave they descend into a hole which leads to a hall of treasure . The team finds the treasure chest in huge box and escapes out with it . Gandadu hides the treasure chest at a place and brings his tribes for help . Outside of the cave Mruta Sanjeevaraidu awaits along with Bahadur . The team is captured at the cave by Mruta Sanjeevaraidu and Bahadur . Bahadur reveals that he killed Varma 's two friends who are fathers of Raja and Bhanu , in knowing the secret of treasure . Sivangi and Mala Devi are tortured by Bahadur men to make Gandadu come to the place . Gandadu comes with his army and rescues the team . Bahadur and Mrita Sanjeevaraidu finds the treasure chest in bushes and tries to escape with it . The movie ends with the team taking the treasure chest after killing Bahadur and Mrita Sanjeevaraidu .
Dwayne positive Nina ; Michael neutral Dwayne ; Mai positive Nina ; Mai neutral Thanh ; Dolores negative Nina ; Harold negative Dwayne ; Mai positive Dolores ; Mai negative Dwayne ; Dwayne positive Dolores ; Mai positive Harold ; Thanh positive Dolores <$> { { Plot } } The story begins with Dwayne , Dolores , and Harold playing a game of cards with Dolores trying to convince Dwayne to take a cat Harold found on the way home . Dwayne thinks there is clearly something wrong with the cat and refuses to take it . One afternoon , Dwayne in his living room with his girlfriend Nina . Dwayne excuses himself claiming he forgot something . We see a frantic Dwayne rushing to his bedroom . He grabs a small red box a rose and some champagne . When he returns to the living room however he finds his roommate , Michael ( [ [ Tyler Christopher , and his new transgender girlfriend waiting there . He quickly puts the ring away as he and Nina head to Dwayne ’s parents ’ house for a barbecue . On the way over , Dwayne fails to stop for a stop sign and is pulled over by a cop who asks him to step out of the car . He spots the ring and tells Dwayne that Nina is way out of his league and to enjoy it while it lasts . This makes Dwayne question himself and his relationship with Nina . At the barbecue , the family has a debate over the difference between saying “ this Saturday ” and “ next Saturday ” . Dwayne , having had enough of the debate , proposes to Nina offhandedly . She says yes just as Mai walks in . Mai lets the family in on a some news : she 's located their birth mother , Thanh , and she 's flying her to LA . Dolores takes the news hard and worries she ’ll be replaced , running off to the bathroom as Nina follows behind . Harold is more optimistic , and Dwayne pretends to be indifferent . There is a brief flashback to when Mai was young and she yells at Dolores saying “ you ’re not my mother ” and runs to hug Harold . This particular scene makes it obvious that Mai and Dolores have never quite learned to get along . At the airport , Mai cries when she sees her mother , while Dwayne has no reaction . As they all sit down for a family dinner it is clear Dolores feels like she is being replaced . As everyone goes to leave , Thanh demands to go with Dwayne / Sap despite the extensive preparations Mai has made for her at her house . Thanh worries about Dwayne and does n’t think Nina is the right girl for him and tells Mai . Nina goes to Mai ’s for lunch one day and tells her that she ought to be more affectionate with Dwayne . Nina feels like she has been affectionate enough but Mai tells her she should try harder . Harold ’s birthday arrives and no one shows up for the party . Dolores has a fit and blames it on Thanh ’s arrival Harold gets frustrated and has a heart attack.Mai rushes to the hospital to meet Dolores . The two have a fight . Dolores blames Mai saying “ we ’ve served our purpose you do n’t need us anymore ” . The doctor tells the two that Harold will be ok . Dolores tries to apologize but Mai leaves telling Dolores to spend time with Harold . The next day Dwayne calls to tell Dolores that he ’s heard the news . Dolores is clearly upset that he was n’t there and so is Dwayne . Wanting to be more affectionate , Nina prepares a big dinner for the two of them . Dwayne arrives and suggests the two break up . Finally , there is an all out war with everyone : Thanh and Dolores , Nina and Dwayne , Samantha and Michael ending when Michael ’s girlfriend literally lifts Dolores and Thanh in the air to separate them . The next day Mai comes over to help with Harold ’s food . Dolores says she does n’t need help but Mai goes in to hug her ; this is the first time there is a sense of understanding between the two . Mai realizes that Dolores has been more of a mother and treated her far better than Thanh . Over a game of monopoly Dwayne , Mai , Dolores , and Harold discuss the fact that Dwayne has broken up with Nina . Everyone thinks he ’s stupid for doing it because they all know she loves him . Mai tells Dwayne that Nina has accepted a job in NY and is going to take it . Dwayne realizes he ’s made a huge mistake and runs to go find her . Eventually he does and everyone finally gets along . The movie ends with a big family dinner over which Dolores and Thanh nod in understanding and play a game of Monopoly together .
Malti neutral Rajaram ; Raja positive Nisha ; his negative Rajaram ; Raja neutral Sulaiman ; Gopal negative Nisha ; Ranjit negative Nisha ; Raja positive Rajaram ; Malti neutral Raja ; Raja positive Ranjit <$> Daydreamer Rajaram lives a poor lifestyle in a village in India along with his aunt and an unmarried sister , Malti , who has mortgaged their shanty house with Sukhi Lala so that she can educate Rajaram in Bombay . Rajaram pretends to be wealthy in order to get married to his sweetheart , Nisha Sharma , much to the chagrin of her dad who wants her to get married to a boxer , Ranjeet Gupta . Story opens at college , where an impoverished student named Raja dreams of making it big and winning his true love Nisha . His rival for her affections , Ranjit is the class bully and a cheat ; but Ranjit ’s father and Nisha ’s father are close friends and want their children to get married when they graduate.Raja ’s roommate and best friend Gopal — also poor — knows the truth of his circumstances , but Raja has fooled everyone else into believing he has a rich father.After Rajaram gets a degree in Arts he returns home and finds out about the debt , he attempts to find work , ends up working as a laborer with Sukhi , but is beaten - up when he is found slacking . Rajaram returns to Bombay , meets with Suleiman , and takes up collecting waste material from households for a fee . When he returns to his village , he discovers that his sister Malti and his aunt are being harassed by the local moneylender to repay the money lent to them for Raja ’s education , or he will force Malti to marry him . Raja is overwhelmed at their sacrifices.He returns to Bombay to find work so he can send money home , and is befriended by Sulaiman , who buys bottles and boxes for recycling , and teaches Raja the trade . Raja begins earning money and sends some home to his village . He also meets Gopal again , but does n’t contact Nisha since he is too poor to court her . When he does run into her , she is going into a New Year ’s Eve masquerade party , and thinks that his bottle vendor outfit is his costume . She drags him in with her , where he is tormented again by Ranjit , and further realizes the gulf between himself and Nisha.He slips out and returns home , sad and heartbroken . One day he comes across a sack of bottles , throws it against the door ; one broken bottle rolls outside where a big puff of pink smoke materializes from it . out pops a 20000 year old Genie with magical powers . He takes his sack of bottles and As the smoke clears a genie appears.he genie was imprisoned in the bottle 20,000 years ago by an uncle fed up with his naughtiness . He has sworn an oath to serve his rescuer for a full year , and is going to fulfill this oath whether Raja likes it or not . Chaos ensues!No matter how hard he tries , the genie causes problems for poor Raja . Rajaram does not want anything to do with this Genie , who insists on helping him for one year regardless . With his help Rajaram and Suleiman improve their lifestyle , albeit with a lot of problems , and also improve Rajaram 's chances of getting married to Nisha . Sulaiman tells the genie about Nisha , and he tries to help bring them together , but Nisha ’s father is determined to get her married to Ranjit . Raja ’s aunt sends Malti to him from the village to get her out of the moneylender ’s way . He marries her off to Gopal.Meanwhile , Nisha and her father fight about Ranjit . Nisha wants to marry Raja no matter how poor he is . When Ranjit and some of his friends try to run down Raja he is rescued by the genie in a flying car.Pleased with himself , the genie gives Raja a ring to protect him from Ranjit . he ring , when twisted on the finger , calls up a demon from the underworld who spouts fire and chants “ Zum Zum Bah ! ” I find him much more funny than scary . Raja ca n’t handle one genie , let alone two , and he throws the ring away . Ranjit , watching , retrieves it after they go.Ranjit owes money to a bunch of goondas , who come to get their money . His plan is to marry Nisha and then repay them . He enlists the help of the demon by asking him to change him to look like Raja , and vice versa.Nisha is n’t fooled , since Ranjit has n’t changed his voice or his manners . Raja and the genie rescue her when he assaults her . They celebrate by flying with the genie over Bombay.He transports them to a magical place where they sing another pretty song . I ’m reminded of Kashmir Ki Kali with a genie thrown in.By now Nisha ’s father has discovered what a scoundrel Ranjit is , and told Nisha that she can marry Raja . So Ranjit will have to resort to drastic measures ! He and the demon go to Nisha ’s house and kidnap her and her father.They are taken away to the underworld.The genie and Raja follow , although the genie ’s power does n’t work in the underworld . Can they overcome the demon without special powers ? Will they rescue Nisha and Sharmaji ? What will happen to Ranjit ?
Mitro negative Abijot ; Abijot positive Roop ; Abijot positive Akam ; he negative Akam ; Mitro negative Roop <$> Abijot and Mitro become friends as children . Abijot 's hails from a rich , high class family while Mitro belongs to a poor , low class . The 2 families do not like them playing and spending time with each other so Abijot 's family sends him and his cousin Roop to Chandigarh where they both can do their studies away from Mitro and her family . Fifteen years later , Abijot and Roop come back . Abijot meets Mitro and they really want to marry each other , but their families ' differences come in the way and will never allow their union . Mitro 's family decide to marry her off to someone else , but on the day of her wedding she runs to Abijot , soon she falls there because she had eaten poison . She tells Abijot that she is leaving and will meet him again in this birth . Mitro dies . Abijot gets depressed so he decides to leave India and come to Canada , where his mind will be kept off of Mitro . Abijot goes into his mama 's house but his cousin Terry , is jealous of Abijot receiving attention and wants him to leave . So Abijot moves into Lucky 's house , his childhood friend which is married to a black women . Roop calls Abijot and says that he will come to Canada soon . One day Abijot and Lucky go to a coffee shop and Abijot sees exactly the same double of Mitro , named Akam but it turns out she is blind . Abijot 's mama feels bad for Abijot so he buys Abijot an apartment . Abijot comforts Akam and , they both fall in love . Abijot asks her what her dream is and she says it 's to see this world again . Abijot calls his parents in India , he lies and tells them he wants to buy a house which he needs money for . Abijot 's mama receives the money and gives it to Abijot and is pleased Abijot will have a house to live in . Instead of buying a house he pays for Akam 's surgery with the money and it was successful . When it 's time for Akam to take the bandage off her eyes Abijot is n't there . Akam refuses because she wants to see Abijot 's face first . The doctor takes Akam 's bandage off because he has another patient to take care of . Abijot rushes but a man , named Iqbal who is Akam 's fiance gets there before him . Akam and her family thought he left her because she was blind but , it turns out he left because his father got murdered and , the police arrested him , which he was kept in jail for . Abijot sadly leaves them both . Akam is with Iqbal but is not happy because she loves Abijot . Abijot 's father gets sick so Abijot leaves for India , and Roop comes to Canada . Abijot 's father says that all he wants is to see him married , so Abijot agrees against his will . Akam 's father notices that Akam is n't happy so he tells her she can marry whoever she wants , and Akam decides on Abijot so she goes to meet him to see if he wants to marry her . Akam rushes to Abijot 's apartment , but she finds Roop there . After seeing Akam , Roop calls her Mitro . Akam remembers Abijot said that he will call her by Mitro instead of Akam . Then she sees pictures of a girl that looks exactly like her and remembers that Abijot told her he met 2 girls that arent ' t related but look exactly the same . Akam is confused so she asks who is Mitro and where is Abijot ? Roop says Mitro is Abijot 's love , and that Abijot went to India . Akam misunderstands and thinks Abijot did a favor on her and went back for Mitro . Roop says Mitro died a year ago and that he went back to meet his sick father . Akam is shocked . Abijot 's engagement preparations are being made until Roop brings Akam up . Everyone is shocked and ca n't believe this is Mitro because she died . Abijot tells them that this is Akam , and he also tells them that before dying , Mitro said she will meet him again in this birth and here she is . The two families finally realize that two lovers can never be separated and allow their union . Abijot and Akam live happily ever after .
her positive his <$> Spoiled , strong - willed New Orleans belle Julie Marsden is engaged to banker Preston ' Pres ' Dillard . In retaliation for Pres refusing to drop his work and accompany her while she shops for a dress , she orders a brazen red one for the most important ball of the year , one where white dresses for unmarried women are expected . All of Julie 's friends are shocked , but no one can convince her to give up her whim . At the Olympus ball , every woman on the floor is dressed in white . Pres and Julie 's entrance is met with shock and disdain by all present . She finally realizes the magnitude of her social blunder and begs Pres to take her away , but by this time , he is implacable . He forces her to dance with him . All the other dancers leave the floor , finally leaving them alone . When the orchestra stops playing at the instruction of one of the ball 's sponsors , Pres orders the conductor to continue . Pres and Julie finish the dance alone , with the assemblage looking on . Afterwards , Pres takes his leave of Julie , implicitly breaking their engagement . In a final bit of spite , Julie slaps him in the face by way of farewell . Aunt Belle Massey urges her to go after Pres and beg his forgiveness , but she refuses , arrogantly confident that he will return to her . Instead , he goes north on business . Julie shuts herself up in her house and refuses to see visitors . A year later , Pres finally returns , to help Dr. Livingstone try to convince the city authorities to take measures against an outbreak of yellow fever . Before Pres can stop her , Julie humbles herself and begs for his forgiveness and a return of his love . Then Pres introduces her to his Northern wife Amy . Dismayed , Julie eggs on her admirer , skilled duellist Buck Cantrell , to quarrel with Pres , but the scheme goes awry . Pres 's inexperienced brother Ted ( [ [ Richard Cromwell is the one who is goaded into challenging Buck . In an unexpected twist , Ted emerges victorious ; Buck is fatally shot . Then something happens that overshadows everything else . As Dr. Livingstone had warned repeatedly , a deadly epidemic of yellow fever sweeps the city , as it had done numerous times before . Pres comes down with it and , like all other victims , is to be quarantined on an island . Amy prepares to go along to care for him , risking her own life , but Julie stops her . She tells the Northerner that she does not know how to deal with the slaves and Southerners on the island . She begs to go in her place , as an act of redemption . Amy agrees .
Lonnie positive Dominic <$> Childhood friends Lonnie , Dominic , and G have a rude awakening when they find out their girlfriends are pregnant . Each have their own unique set of problems ; Lonnie 's girlfriend Rolonda is more interested in partying than being a mother ; Dominic discovers that his girlfriend Nia is a lesbian and has fallen in love with her midwife ; while G , an aspiring boxer , is unable to fully commit to his girlfriend XiXi . Throughout the movie , all three men , particularly G and Dominic , are determined to continue their normal way of living and be a father at the same time . Lonnie is a garbageman among other small jobs , G works in the store his girlfriend 's family runs , and Dominic is managing a pair of white rappers . After they momentarily lose their kids during a party they threw , they realize how much their kids depend on them , and gradually become responsible fathers . Lonnie falls in love with a woman from a Mommy and Me class named Brandy who he treats badly on date . Dominic 's ex-girlfriend reveals she 's a lesbian and feels he is too involved in his career to ever be a father . G 's cousin No Good robs a store and his girlfriend feels he was in on it and takes their son away from him . After all three are given a talking to by Lonnie 's Uncle Virgil , they realize how much they love their kids and what they have to do . Lonnie apologizes to Brandy , then storms to his ex-girlfriend 's house and takes his son with him , while criticizing her for having a baby to get child support payments , and knocks out her cousin " Big Swoll " . Dominic goes to his ex-girlfriend and tells her how much he loves his daughter and how he needs to be a part of her life . G 's girlfriend 's father tells him a story of being in the Triads before he had his daughter and realized how much his family meant to him , leading to G proposing to his girlfriend . At the end of the movie it is revealed that Lonnie and Brandy are married and having a baby of their own . Lonnie has also achived his dream of becoming a successful inventor ; Dominic started a children 's music album ; and G and his father - in - law open a martial arts / boxing studio called The Mo Fo Dojo . No Good , after learning of organic foods , goes on to become a successful food show personality called The Organic Gangster . Tagline : They 're going from players to playtime .
Colm negative George ; Bronagh neutral he ; Colm negative he ; IRA neutral he ; Colm positive IRA <$> The story begins with Colm on his way to start a new job , as a barber in a Belfast psychiatric hospital . As he receives his orientation , and is introduced to the staff who are nearly all called Billy , he resents being referred to as ' The new Catholic ' . Before being introduced to his fellow barber , George , he is warned not to bring up the subject of poetry . With nothing to do and nothing in common to talk about with George , Colm decides to ask him about poetry and is subjected to George 's very poor efforts , which he pretends to appreciate . As the orderlies start bringing patients in , the pair relax and talk about all manner of subjects , with George relating a notable story about chasing a joyrider who stole his brother 's car , insisting that during the chase they got George 's Ford Escort up to 190mph before it blew up . Later , on their way back to the barber room they meet an orderly escorting a new patient whom he calls " The Scalper " , explaining he was the only seller of hair pieces in all of Northern Ireland until he went crazy and scalped some of his customers . Colm and George immediately hit upon a plan . They decide to meet with the Scalper and convince him to give them his list of customers so that they may take over the hairpiece monopoly he formerly owned . The Scalper calls them " Greedy sad little children " but agrees to give them the list , if they give him a good reason why he should . Colm 's answer of " because we 're bored " satisfies him enough and he lets them have the list . Colm and George , as ' The Piece People ' embark upon their mission to get rich , with Colm 's girlfriend Bronagh helping them out with administrative duties . She sets their first appointment with Mr Black , who denies any knowledge of a hairpiece appointment but lets them into his house and eventually agrees to buy one off them . It later is revealed that he was n't on the list , Bronagh had seen his picture in the newspaper because he shot a Catholic . After a time of little success in selling their hairpieces , they discover that they are not the only ones who acquired the Scalper 's client list and their supplier , Wigs Of Wimbledon , have decided to hold a meeting with The Piece People and " Toupée or not Toupée " , their rival company . At this meeting George learns that the company that sells the most wigs wins exclusive rights to sell their products in Northern Ireland . Meanwhile , Colm tracks down Mr Black and retrieves the wig he bought because Mr Black 's cheque had bounced and he refused to pay in cash . While making his escape , the wig is grabbed from him by a pack of dogs who chew it up , but he manages to get it back from them . After visiting Mr Duggan , a farmer who is secretly bald , and failing to sell him a wig because Toupée Or Not Toupée are selling below cost in order to win the competition , the partners get stopped on a remote road by members of the IRA demanding to know what they are up to . This confrontation results in them selling the wig retrieved from Mr Black to the lead IRA man who does not notice it had been chewed up by dogs in the interim . The competition is raging , but the IRA man accidentally leaves his wig at the scene of a bombing , prompting the RUC to investigate The Piece People , and after being interrogated , George gets angry with Colm for dragging him into the mess and they have a falling out . Meanwhile the IRA man tracks down Colm and demands he sells the IRA all the wigs they want as every bald catholic in the country is being compared with the wig found at the scene of the bombing and it was only a matter of time before he would be caught . Colm refuses on the grounds that his business partner is a Protestant and it would be unethical , despite how the sales would almost guarantee the exclusive deal with Wigs of Wimbledon . Colm goes to George 's poetry reading and makes up with him , and together with Bronagh 's help , they discover that many soldiers in the British Army in Northern Ireland are suffering from Alopecia due to the extremely stressful conditions and manage to secure a government contract to supply them with wigs for all soldiers wanting one . This proves to be enough to win them the competition and The Piece People become the sole hairpiece salesmen in the country .
Adrienne positive Paul <$> While picking up his son and daughter for a weekend visit , Jack tells his estranged wife Adrienne that he still " loves her " and wants to move back home . Adrienne suggests that his remorse is due to his falling out with the other woman , but in any event says she needs time and space to think . The rift that this causes between the daughter and her mother is palpable . Typical teenage angst and rebellion follow and Adrienne is sure she is losing her daughter over the events that are unfolding in her marriage . Adrienne drives to Rodanthe , North Carolina , to look after a friend 's bed - and - breakfast for the weekend while she 's away . The house is rustic , romantic , and right on the beach , and partially in the surf at high tide . The only guest for the weekend , Paul , is a very TYPE A personality surgeon who arrives at the inn with his own emotional baggage . He has flashbacks of a surgery which ended tragically . The family of the patient , who live in Rodanthe , is suing him . The husband wrote to Paul asking to speak to him ; this is what brings him to Rodanthe . A storm moves in and the two team up to protect the inn . They dine together , share stories , and eventually turn to each other for emotional comfort . A genuine romance is born . With Adrienne ’s advice and moral support , Paul opens up to the patient 's widower and in doing so faces his own pain . Paul carries guilt for passing up a relationship with his son in favor of his career , but with he had decided to go down to South America to salvage his relationship with his son . Paul is now very reluctant to leave Adrienne and Rodanthe but he knows that he must go to his estranged son Mark who left his stressful practice with his workaholic dad to become a physician there . During their separation , Adrienne and Paul exchange numerous handwritten letters expressing their longing to be with each other once again . On the evening that Adrienne and Paul were to finally reunite , he was a no show ! Adrienne was unable to determine if he caught his flight back from South America from the Airlines . Unfortunately , Paul had been killed in a flash mudslide . His son , Mark , arrives at Adrienne 's door the following day with a box of Paul 's personal belongings , as well as gratitude to Adrienne for " giving him back the father he knew when he was a child " . Adrienne is seen struggling , for what appears to be days or weeks , with a nearly unbearable grief . Eventually , her daughter is able to coax the story from her mother . This is a turning point for their relationship and it allows Adrienne to begin to deal with her loss . She tells her daughter the story of a very special type of love and encourages her daughter to seek that out for herself someday . Adrienne finally is granted a respite from her heart - rending sadness when , during a solitary sojourn along the beach on a strikingly beautiful day , she looks up to see a small herd of magnificent wild horses go thundering on by her . She , her children and her best friend walk down to the dock where Adrienne and Paul had danced , and Adrienne was finally able to kiss Paul goodbye .
Sundaralingam positive Janaki <$> Ramalingam & Sundaralingam are simpletons who are always in search of ways to earn a quick buck . Sundaralingam is an artist with good talent while Ramalingam is the business brain who brings in money , mostly by fraudulent means . They fall in love - Sundaralingam with Janaki ( [ [ Rambha and Ramalingam with Sundari . Both are students of art . Janaki 's father , played by the music director M. S. Viswanathan , rejects Sundaralingam . Sundari convinces Janaki to write letters falsifying Sundaralingam 's rise to fame and big money , eventually lying that Janaki & Sundaralingam now have a son , in order to win over the parents with sentiment . Janaki 's dad , worried that his grandson might be brought up poorly , arrives at a mansion that has been set up to look like Sundaralingam 's new property , along with her mom . Meanwhile , Sundari 's dad also makes an unexpected stop there to check on his daughter . A small misunderstanding during introductions and progressively bigger lies to cover the initial lies lead to a side - splitting laugh riot . How those four eventually overcome their problems and find happiness forms the rest of the story .
Dilip negative Nina ; Dilip negative Rajan ; Rajan positive Nina <$> Nina is the rich and spoiled daughter of a rich businessman ( [ [ Murad . One day while horseriding she loses control of her horse and is rescued by a young man named Dilip . Dilip instantly takes a liking to her and starts to frequently visit her house where he entertains her with his singing along with Nina 's friend Sheela . Nina 's father dislikes this and tries to make Nina realise that spending so much time with Dilip is not wise as Dilip could misunderstand her friendship with him for love . On the day of Sheela 's birthday party , Dilip realises he has fallen in love with Nina and tries to tell her . However tragedy strikes when Nina 's father dies of a heart attack that same day and this leaves Nina devastated . Dilip comforts her and Nina gives him the responsibility of looking after her father 's business and staying in a spare room at her home . Dilip tries to confide in Nina about his feelings for her but is shocked by the arrival of Nina 's fiance Rajan who has returned from London . Dilip is shocked that Nina never mentioned that she was already engaged and in love with Rajan . Rajan and Nina eventually get married and Dilip shocks Nina when he finally reveals his true feelings for Nina on the same day of the wedding . Nina is shocked by Dilip 's revelation as she only thinks of him as a good friend . Dilip tries to leave but to avoid any suspicion from Rajan he stays . A few years pass by and Rajan and Nina now have a daughter . On Rajan and Nina 's daughter 's birthday , Dilip arrives with a present . Nina tries to secretly tell him that she does not love him and that he should leave , unaware that she has said all this to Rajan . Rajan accuses Nina of having an affair with Dilip and Dilip decides to clear Rajan 's misunderstanding . He confronts Rajan and tries to convince him he is wrong about Nina . In a fit of rage , Rajan hits Dilip on the head and walks out taking his daughter with him . Nina comes to Dilip 's aid and tells the doctor to save him as he is proof that she has not cheated on Rajan . When Dilip awakens he is half mad and tries to molest Nina insisting she really is in love with him . Nina shoots Dilip killing him instantly and is then imprisoned . Rajan testifies against Nina in court about her affair with Dilip and how she killed him to hide her infidelity . While Nina awaits for the judge 's verdict , Rajan tells his daughter , she is not coming back and tears up the doll that Dilip had given her on her birthday . Inside the doll he finds a letter Dilip had written for Nina . In the letter Dilip had written that Rajan is the fortunate one who she loves and he has realised this now . Upon reading the letter , Rajan realises he had been wrong about Nina 's infidelity and that Nina only loved him . The judge sentences Nina to life imprisonment and Rajan and his daughter come to see her before she is taken away .
Callahan negative Scorpio <$> A sadistic serial killer calling himself " Scorpio " ( [ [ Andrew Robinson murders a young woman in a San Francisco swimming pool , using a high - powered rifle from a nearby rooftop . SFPD Inspector Harry Callahan finds a ransom message demanding the city pay him $ 100,000 . Scorpio also promises that for each day that the city refuses his demand , he will commit a murder , and his next victim will be " a Catholic priest or a nigger " . The chief of police and the Mayor assign the inspector to the case , though the Mayor is reluctant because of an incident involving the shooting of a naked man chasing a woman with a butcher knife by Callahan the previous year in the city 's Fillmore District . While in a local diner , Callahan sees a bank robbery in progress and , alone with his revolver , he kills two of the robbers and wounds a third , challenging the man lying near a loaded shotgun : { { quote } } After the robber surrenders , he tells Callahan that he must know if the gun was still loaded . Callahan dry fires the weapon while pointed directly at the robber , and then laughs after revealing it to be empty . He had taken a burst of gunfire in his leg , so later he meets a police doctor who treats the injury ; the police doctor references that he is from Callahan 's home district , Potrero Hill . Assigned a rookie partner , Chico Gonzalez , Callahan complains that he needs someone experienced because his partners keep getting injured or worse . When Scorpio kills a young black boy from another rooftop , the police believe the killer will next pursue a Catholic priest . Callahan and Gonzalez wait for Scorpio near a Catholic church where a shootout ensues , but Scorpio escapes , killing a police officer disguised as a priest . Scorpio kidnaps , rapes , and buries alive a teenage girl , then demands twice his previous ransom before the girl 's air runs out . The mayor decides to pay , and tells Callahan to deliver the money with no tricks , but the inspector wears a wire , brings a knife , and has his partner follow him . As Scorpio sends Callahan to various payphones throughout the city to make sure he is alone , the chase ends at Mount Davidson . Scorpio brutally beats Callahan and tells him he 'd decided to let the girl die anyway ; Gonzalez comes to his partner 's rescue but is wounded . Callahan stabs Scorpio in the leg , but the killer escapes without the money . Gonzalez survives his wound , but decides to resign from the force at the urging of his wife . The doctor who treated Scorpio phones the police and tells Callahan and his new partner , Frank DiGiorgio , that he has seen Scorpio in Kezar Stadium . Running out of time , the officers break into the stadium and Callahan shoots Scorpio in his wounded leg . When Scorpio refuses to reveal the location of the girl and demands a lawyer , Callahan tortures the killer by standing on the wounded leg . Scorpio confesses , but the police are too late to save the girl . Because Callahan searched Scorpio 's home without a warrant and improperly seized his rifle , the District Attorney decides that the killer can not be charged . An outraged Callahan , warning that Scorpio will kill again because of the excitement that killing gives him , follows Scorpio on his own time . Scorpio pays a thug to give him a severe , but controlled beating , then claims the inspector is responsible . Despite his protests to the contrary , Callahan is ordered to stop following Scorpio . After killing a liquor store owner , Scorpio kidnaps a school bus load of children and demands another ransom and a plane to leave the country . The Mayor again insists on paying but when offered to deliver the ransom again , Callahan angrilly refuses . Despite a heated warning from the Mayor , Callahan instead pursues Scorpio without authorization , jumping onto the top of the bus from a railroad trestle . The bus crashes into a dirt embankment and Scorpio flees into a nearby rock quarry , where he has a running gun battle with Callahan . Scorpio keeps running until he spots a young boy sitting near a pond , and grabs him as a hostage . The inspector feigns surrender , but fires , wounding Scorpio in his left shoulder . The boy runs away and Callahan stands over Scorpio , gun drawn . The inspector reprises his " Do you feel lucky , punk ? " speech . Scorpio lunges for his gun , and Callahan shoots him in the chest , propelling Scorpio into the water . As Callahan watches the dead body float on the surface , he takes out his inspector 's badge ; after contemplating what will happen to him as a result of his actions , he hurls it into the water , before walking away .
Devilal positive her <$> http://www.yehfaasleythemovie.com/ Arunima the daughter of one of the biggest builders in town has returned home after completing her studies . She is happy that she will now be living with her father Devinder Devilal Dua for good . Arunima lost her mother to a car accident when she was barely two . Devinder Devilal Dua is a gregarious man who loves his daughter a lot and wants his daughter Arunima to live as freely as possible . Arunima further chances upon a few things from the past and it is a revelation for her that her mothers personality was very different to what her father narrates . She further meets an old friend of her mother , Diggy and a few people from the past who tell stories that point in the direction that her mother was not a happy as long as she lasted . With the image of the past being different to what her father has been telling her , Arunima is left in doubt about what really is the past and especially when the father is not giving a conclusive answer . To top it , Arunima starts to learn about too many shades of her father that she has never seen . Arunima is at a loss , as everything that she is learning about the past is in complete contradiction to what she knew and the man she loves the most , her father , has so many shades that she is not even aware of . Arunima is torn between love for her father and the truth . But she is even more guilty as the needle of suspicion keeps pointing towards her own father . The man she loves the most is that man Arunima suspects . The shadow of doubt becomes a very difficult place to live under . So Arunima sets out on a journey to find the truth about her mothers and fathers past and more so how her mother died .
Bishop negative Harry ; Bishop negative Steve <$> Arthur Bishop is a " mechanic " — a hit man who performs his jobs cleanly , without leaving a trace of his work . He works exclusively for an international secret organization , which has very strict rules : even those members who are becoming slightly unreliable are assassinated , long before they might jeopardize their organization . It is noted that Bishop is very sophisticated , as he regularly listens to classical music , has a remarkable art collection , and is a connoisseur of fine wines . He is evidently very wealthy , as demonstrated by his lifestyle and his exceptional house , thanks to his successful career as a hit man . However , due to the dangerous nature of his profession , Bishop is forced to live in isolation - he can not show emotions or trust people . Bishop is under constant emotional pressure , so much so that he is prescribed medication for depression , and one day he is temporarily hospitalized when he loses consciousness as a result of the stress . In an effort to cope , Bishop pays a prostitute to write emotional and sophisticated love letters to him because he can not risk making friends . When Bishop is assigned by his organization to kill one of the heads , " Big Harry " McKenna , he does so with his usual sense of efficiency , imagination and detachment , shooting at Big Harry , while making him think that the shots are being fired by a hidden sniper trying to kill them both . Harry , who Bishop knows has a weak heart , is forced to run up a steep incline to escape the shots , which brings on a heart attack . Bishop then finishes Harry off by smothering him with his gloved hand , thus making it appear that the cause of death was indeed the heart attack . At Big Harry 's funeral , Bishop meets Harry 's narcissistic , ruthless and ambitious son Steve . Steve is intrigued by Bishop and seeks to find out more about him . Bishop is also intrigued , as he realizes that Steve has a personality becoming of a hit man , and plays along . Finally he makes Steve his apprentice , demonstrating his " tools of the trade " , such as piloting , shooting , lipreading , and powerfully developed fingers . As part of this training program , Bishop teaches Steve that " every person has a weakness , and that once this weakness is found , the target is easy to kill . " But Bishop fails to get his superiors ' consent for the arrangement . Following a messy contract assassination conducted by Bishop and Steve , the organization warns Bishop that his irresponsible choice to involve Steve is interpreted as selfish behavior , which can not be tolerated " because the organization relies on ' democratic principles ' that put the survival of the group above personal ambitions " . The organization then gives Bishop an urgent assassination mission , this time in Italy . Once again , Bishop involves Steve in the new plan , but just before they leave Bishop happens to find among Steve 's belongings a file containing a lot of information about Bishop . This file is very similar to the files Bishop made concerning his assassination targets . Bishop realizes that his apprentice Steve is turning against him and starts his own private investigation into Steve 's background . Nevertheless , Bishop allows Steve to go with him to Italy to conduct the assassination . In Italy , Bishop and Steve approach a boat where their intended victim is located , but it becomes apparent that this was a trap prepared by the organization and they are the real target . Bishop and Steve are ambushed by other assassins of the organization , but they manage to kill all their opponents , leaving no witnesses , and return to the hotel in Naples , preparing to go back to the United States . His apprenticeship apparently complete , Steve shares a celebratory bottle of wine with Bishop , having coated the latter 's glass with brucine , a colorless and deadly alkaloid . When Bishop realizes that he has been poisoned and that he is becoming paralyzed , he asks Steve if it was because Bishop had killed Steve 's father . Steve responds that he had not realized his father was murdered , instead believing that he had simply died of the heart attack . Steve is full of himself , and taunts Bishop , saying " you told me that everyone has a jelly spot -- yours was that you could n't cut it alone . " Steve goes on to reveal that he was n't acting on orders to kill Bishop , stating that he is going to continue picking his own targets , with the suggestion that killing Bishop was something akin to an artistic choice on Steve 's part that establishes him as superior and a more refined killer even than Bishop , who needed the " license " provided by the secret organization he worked for . Contemptuously leaving Bishop to die of what will appear to be a heart attack , Steve returns to the US to take over Bishop 's life and career , arriving at Bishop 's home to pick up the red Mustang he had left there before the overseas trip . After admiring the house and taking a souvenir , Steve goes out to the Mustang and gets in to leave . He finds a note affixed to the rear - view mirror . It is from Bishop , and reveals that he had anticipated that Steve might use the trip to Italy as an opportunity to kill Bishop . The note reads , " Steve , if you 're reading this it means I did n't make it back . It also means you 've broken a filament controlling a 13 - second delay trigger . End of game . Bang ! You 're dead . " As Steve frantically reaches for the door handle , the car explodes in a seething fireball as the credits roll and the film draws to a close .
Anjaneyulu negative Bada ; Anjaneyulu neutral Anjali <$> Anjaneyulu is a story involving mafia and gang wars . Anjaneyulu works as a reporter for a news channel . Subash is another honest reporter belonging to the same channel who unravels a murder conspiracy relating to the mafia leader , Bada , in which Anjaneyulu 's parents get killed . Anjali is a beauty who works for a mobile servicing company , Airtel . Anjaneyulu comes across this lady and wants her to be his love . Anjaneyulu joins Bada 's gang in the name of Pavan to extract all the information behind the conspiracy . In the end , Anjaneyulu kills the bad guys including Bada and turns over the CD containing all the information relating to the conspiracy to the police . Anjali and Anjaneyulu get married . Anjali gives birth to a boy , who is named after Anjaneyulu 's father , Krishna Murhty or " Murthygaru " . Anjaneyulu info , gallery and videos , 16reels.com
Bob positive her ; Robert positive her ; Robert positive Pramila ; her neutral Pramila <$> Mary , an orphan lives in an orphanage run by nuns . She is good at studies and is artistically talented . Until her adulthood , her education was being sponsored by a philanthropist . Though she has never met her sponsor , an old man , but she gets to know of the fact that he is the sponsor through the nuns . Her sponsor one day passes away . As a result , her dreams of a college education are ruined . She struggles to get educated further . Mr. Robert Brown , who is now at the helm of affairs of his father 's business , agrees to continue her sponsorship . Bob is a bachelor and Mary falls in love with Bob . She learns that love comes when you least expect it in this romantic drama . A new patron comes to her aid , but love threatens to get in the way of Mary 's education . Anokha Rishta , perfectly harmonizing with its title , is the story of an unusual relationship between Mary and Robert Brown . Teenager Mary is an orphan and lives in an orphanage run by nuns . Her education had been sponsored by Robert ’s father in his lifetime . After the demise of his father , when Robert takes independent charge of the family business , he comes to know of this sponsorship . Being benevolent by nature , he decides to continue it in his father ’s name itself . Mary has never met her sponsor and she even does not know him by name . For her , the identity of her sponsor is ’ uncle ’ only to whom she regularly writes letters and her uncle always responds to them . A youth loves her but she ignores his advances because of his image of an irresponsible and loafer boy . On the other hand , Robert has always been in love with Dr. Pramila but due to following different religious faiths and their parents not allowing them to marry someone from a different religion , they could not marry . However being mature and true lovers , they chose not to marry somebody else too and decided to remain bachelors only . The twist in the tale comes with Mary coming across Robert in a party and despite himself being more than double of her age , falls in love with him . She expresses her feelings to him but he discourages her from making advances towards him in this way . On the other hand , maintaining a benevolent attitude and wanting her to lead a happy life , Robert helps Mary ’s lover to come closer to her and guides him to grow up , besides giving him a job in his own office . Mary , being mad in Robert ’s love without knowing that he only is her sponsor and ' her uncle ’ whom she writes to and gets letters from , keeps on living in her dreamy world of a married life with Robert . Her problem is that she can not share her feelings and mental agony with ’ her uncle ’ because all the incoming and outgoing letters of Mary are screened first by the head of the orphanage . Finally , when Robert breaks her heart , she decides to become a nun and writes a final letter to ' her uncle ’ with a special and last request to the head of the orphanage to deliver it to ’ her uncle ’ without opening it and reading its content . Dr. Pramila , knowing all these developments , tries to stop Mary but she remains firm on her decision . Now her lover also gets desperate upon knowing this decision of hers . Finally the onus falls on the shoulders of Robert only to do something to prevent Mary from taking this drastic step and that leads to the highly emotional and impressive climax .
Sophie positive Calcifer ; Heen neutral Sophie ; Sophie positive Suliman ; Heen negative Suliman <$> Sophie , a hatter , is a responsible eighteen - year - old girl who encounters a mysterious wizard named Howl while on her way to visit her younger sister . The Witch of the Waste , who pursues Howl , comes to the hat shop and curses Sophie by transforming her into an old woman . Seeking a cure for the curse , Sophie travels into the Wastes and finds a living scarecrow , who takes her to Howl 's castle . Here , Sophie meets the fire demon Calcifer , the source of the castle 's energy and power . Calcifer offers to break the curse in exchange for Sophie 's help in breaking the spell he 's under , which keeps Calcifer bound to the house . When Howl appears , Sophie announces that she is the castle 's new cleaning lady , hired by Calcifer because he was sick of how dirty the castle was . Currently , Sophie 's country is caught up in the beginning of a war with its neighbor following the mysterious disappearance of the other realm 's Crown Prince . Howl receives summons from the King , who orders his various assumed identities to fight in the war . However , Howl comes up with an idea to send Sophie , under the guise of being his mother , to the king to profess the cowardice of one of Howl 's two aliases . At the palace , Sophie runs into an asthmatic dog , Heen , who she thinks is Howl undercover . She also meets the Witch of the Waste , who Suliman , the king 's magic advisor , punishes by draining all of her power , causing her to regress into a harmless old woman . Suliman tells Sophie that Howl will meet the same fate if he does not contribute to the war . As Sophie vehemently protests these measures , the Witch 's spell temporarily weakens due to the love in her words . Suliman realizes Sophie 's true relation to Howl and her strong romantic feelings towards him . Howl then arrives to rescue Sophie , Suliman tries to entrap Howl , but with Sophie 's help , they manage to escape . Sophie learns that Howl transforms into a bird - like creature to interfere in the war , but each transformation makes it more difficult for him to return to human form . Sophie fears that Howl is preparing to leave them , as his remaining time as a human is limited , he returns to interfering in the war . Sophie 's mother shows up and is actually under Suliman 's control and leaves behind a bag containing a " peeping bug " under her orders . The former Witch of the Waste discovers it and promptly destroys the bug by tossing it into Calcifer . Unfortunately , Calcifer gets sick after eating the bug , rendering him unable to protect the castle from being discovered . A few hours later , the city is carpet - bombed by enemy aircraft while Suliman 's henchmen invade the flower shop Howl made for Sophie . After protecting the flower shop from the bombing , Howl draws the guards away just after healing Calcifer . He tells Sophie he is not going to run away anymore because he has something he wants to protect before leaving to interfere with the war . Deducing that Howl must be saved , Sophie moves everyone out of the castle and removes Calcifer from the fireplace , destroying the castle . She offers Calcifer a piece of her hair to strengthen him enough to power and energize a portion of the castle . They head toward Howl when the former Witch of the Waste discovers Howl 's heart within Calcifer . Sophie pours water on Calcifer to make her let go of the heart , making Calcifer lose all of his strength and power . The segment of the castle is split , and she and Heen fall down a chasm . Making her way toward Howl 's heart , Sophie enters through the door into the black region and discovers a recollection of how Howl and Calcifer meet : Howl eats Calcifer , who then gains his heart . Sophie finds Howl , having now lost his human consciousness in bird form . They head back to the group , and Sophie asks the Witch for Howl 's heart . She gives it to her and places the heart back inside Howl , returning him to life , and freeing Calcifer . She kisses the scarecrow on the cheek as thanks , who reveals that he is actually the missing prince . Heen shows the scene of their happy end to Suliman , and the war is finally over . Howl , Sophie , and the others are seen high above the bomber planes returning home from the end of the war .
his neutral Nina <$> Rather than providing a straightforward biography , the film weaves fantasy sequences with scenes containing somewhat fictionalized accounts of events in Darin 's life , and throughout it , the adult singer interacts with his younger self . It chronicles his determination to rise from his working class Italian - American roots as Walden Robert Cassotto , a frail Bronx boy plagued by multiple bouts of rheumatic fever , and become a singer more famous than Frank Sinatra . To achieve that goal , he forms a band and struggles to find gigs at any nightclub that will hire him . His agent gets Darin a recording contract with Atlantic Records , where the singer enjoys teen idol success with " Splish Splash " . Not wanting to limit his appeal to rock and roll audiences , he changes his niche to big band singing and records major hits , such as " Mack the Knife . " To capitalize on his popularity with teenage and young adult audiences , Darin is cast in Come September opposite Sandra Dee . He falls in love with the 18 - year - old actress and , determined to marry her , he woos her with songs like " Beyond the Sea " and " Dream Lover . " The two finally elope , angering her mother . Darin finally realizes his own mother 's dream when he is signed to appear at the famed Copacabana nightclub in Manhattan . As his success takes him on the road and away from home , Dee begins to drink heavily , and the couple fights frequently . Eventually they separate , then later reconcile . She gives birth to their son Dodd , and Darin is nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as a shell shocked soldier in Captain Newman , M.D . When Darin becomes involved in the campaign to elect Robert F. Kennedy for President and contemplates a political career of his own , his sister Nina , knowing his past will be investigated closely if he opts to enter the political arena , shocks him with the news his beloved mother actually was his grandmother and he is Nina 's illegitimate child , the son of a father she ca n't identify . Devastated , Darin becomes a recluse living in a trailer on the Big Sur coast in California . He finds himself out of step with changing music trends , and when he tries to adapt by incorporating folk music and protest songs into his repertoire , he finds himself rejected by the audience that once embraced him . Undaunted , he stages a show , complete with a gospel choir , at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas , and against all odds it is a huge success . But his triumph is short - lived - suffering with blood poisoning following surgery to repair his mechanical heart valve , he 's rushed to the hospital , where he dies at the age of 37 . Following his death , he meets the younger counterpart of himself once again , and the two duet with " As Long as I 'm Singing . "
Lester negative Judie <$> Lester Dwervick has always been sort of different . The sickly teen is too shy to make friends , and lives in a trailer park . Because of these reasons , his classmates view him as a " white trash outcast " . To make matters worse , Lester 's mother is an alcoholic tramp who often brings home drunken men from the local bars . Lester has nobody to confide in , and often draws and sculpts birds and other animals to keep him hopeful of the future . One day , he is being savagely tormented by a local bully when Sheriff Patterson 's daughter Judie sticks up for him . Thinking he has finally found a friend , Lester begins to feel happy for the first time in years and begins to draw pictures for her . One night , Lester goes to find Judie to ask her if she wants to be his girlfriend . Before he even has a chance to ask her , he sees his worst bully drunkenly kiss her . Judie sees Lester , who is running away in grief . Knowing there 's nothing left for him anymore , the pressure of it all finally mounts and Lester swirls into a jealous rage and screams at his mother 's latest boyfriend . He chases Lester into the cornfields outside his home and viciously strangles him , making it look like a suicide , and leaving his corpse near a scarecrow . One year later , several people in the town are murdered . First the drunken boyfriend by decapitation by scythe , next the teacher by impalement , next the bully who kissed Judie by brutally shoving a corn cob through his head . Lester 's spirit has returned in the form of the scarecrow , where he is agile , fast , and superhuman . Lester 's out to get revenge on all of those who mistreated him while he was alive . Judie attempts to find a way to reason with Lester , before she becomes his next victim .
Jeff positive John ; John neutral Lynn ; Jeff negative Corbett ; Jeff negative Halden ; Amanda negative John <$> Minutes after he is trapped in the bathroom , Eric Matthews escapes the shackle by breaking his foot with a toilet tank cover . Six months later , a new game is discovered by a SWAT team led by Lt. Daniel Rigg , who calls Detectives Mark Hoffman and Allison Kerry , who is guilt - ridden over Matthews 's disappearance , to the scene . In his test , Troy had to rip chains from his flesh to escape from a bomb . However , the door to the room was welded shut . As the trap was inescapable , Kerry believes that it was not Jigsaw who designed it . While reviewing Troy 's tape at home , Kerry is attacked and awakens in a harness hooked into her ribs . Though she is able to retrieve the key from a beaker of acid , the harness tears her ribs out anyway . Lynn Denlon , a depressed doctor , is abducted and brought to John Kramer , now bedridden from cancer , by Amanda Young . She is given instructions to keep John alive until the other victim , Jeff , has completed his game . A collar is locked around her neck that connects to John 's heart rate monitor : if he dies , or if Lynn moves out of range , it will fire five shotgun shells at her head . As she begins working to keep John alive , Jeff awakens in a box in an abandoned meatpacking plant and is informed that he must undergo tests which will lead him to " the man responsible for the loss of his child " . It is shown that his son Dylan was hit and killed by a car three years earlier , which Jeff is unable to cope with . He is vengeful towards everyone involved and neglects his daughter , Corbett , as a result . Jeff 's first test leads him into a meat freezer , where he finds Danica Scott , who refused to testify against his son 's killer . She is naked and chained at the wrists between two poles which spray her body with ice - cold water at random intervals . Though she eventually convinces Jeff to help her , she freezes to death before he can retrieve the key . His second test leads him to a large vat , where he finds Judge Halden , who sentenced his son 's killer to six months in prison , chained at the neck at the bottom . The pit is slowly being filled with liquefied pig corpses , but Jeff reluctantly saves him by incinerating his son 's toys to retrieve the key . His third test leads Jeff and Halden to Timothy Young , his son 's killer , who is strapped to a machine that will twist his limbs and neck one by one until they break . Jeff initially watches Timothy suffer , but is eventually convinced by Halden to retrieve the key from the shotgun trigger . He accidentally discharges the shotgun in the process , killing Halden , and is unable to free Timothy before his neck breaks . While Lynn performs an improvised surgery intended to relieve pressure on his brain , John hallucinates about another woman and declares his love out loud . Amanda leaves , distressed by this , and is revealed to have continued cutting herself after John became bedridden . She recalls becoming John 's protege and assisting with the bathroom trap by abducting Adam Stanheight , who she gave a mercy killing out of guilt shortly after he was left to die . She also finds a letter in her name , its contents driving her to hysterics . As Lynn reveals to John that her ordeal has renewed her appreciation for her family , Amanda returns with the news that Jeff has completed his tests , though she refuses to release Lynn . She does not believe in John 's modus operandi and the tests she designed , including Troy 's and Kerry 's , reflect this . At John 's prompting , Amanda also reveals that she left Eric Matthews for dead after he escaped and fought with her . Amanda shoots Lynn in the back just as Jeff arrives , and he retaliates by shooting her in the neck . With great sadness , John tells Amanda that the game was hers : she was being tested on her will to keep someone alive , unaware that Jeff and Lynn were married . After she dies , John offers to call an ambulance for Lynn if Jeff accepts one final test , where he must choose between killing John and forgiving him . As Jeff says he forgives John , he slashes John 's throat with a circular saw . The sickroom seals itself as John plays a tape recorder , which reveals that Jeff has failed by killing John , who was the only person to know Corbett 's whereabouts . The tape ends as John dies , and the collar simultaneously activates and kills Lynn , leaving a screaming Jeff trapped with the three corpses .
Connors neutral Brinkman ; Natalie positive Cody ; Brinkman negative Cody ; CIA negative Cody ; Ronica neutral Cody ; Brinkman neutral Natalie <$> Cody Banks , a 15 - year - old high school student , applies for a junior position for the Central Intelligence Agency after completing his summer camp for CIA agents . Answering to his handler Agent Ronica Miles , Cody is called upon a mission to find information about a scientist named Dr. Albert Connors . Connors is employed by a SPECTRE type organization named ERIS led by Dr. Brinkman , and his henchman , François Molay . As all CIA agents are known to Brinkman 's organization , the CIA uses the unknown Banks , who is placed into the prep school of Dr. Connors ' daughter , Natalie , the William Donovan Institute . Cody soon finds he has no social skill with girls and has no time to do this while balancing his chores and homework . The CIA decides to help by doing his chores and homework , trying to build his status , and going into the school to set him up with Natalie . The CIA also assemble a varying team of " experts " to train Cody into how to talk to girls , and issue him with a variety of gadgets with various functions . Eventually , Cody befriends , and falls in love with Natalie after saving her from falling off a ladder while putting up a banner , and he is invited to her 16th birthday party , where he goes undercover to her father 's lab . Cody finds that Dr. Brinkman is planning to use nanobots — which can destroy any carbon or silicon - based substance — to destroy the world 's defense systems so he can threaten anyone who opposes him . Since the nanobots are inactive in the cold , he plans to use ice cubes to distribute them . After Connors , Brinkman and François leave the lab , Cody attempts to steal one of the ice cubes , only for it to melt when in his possession . Shortly after this , Cody gets into a fight with a number of bullies , at the party . The fight makes the school newspaper , causing the CIA to remove him from the mission for fear he may have blown his cover . Meanwhile , with Connors refusing to aid him in his plans , Dr. Brinkman sends François and some men to catch Natalie and bring her into his base in the Cascade Mountains . Meanwhile , disobeying orders to stay away from her , Cody and Natalie eat ice cream at a restaurant . Cody attempts to explain things to Natalie but François and a group of men come over to their table and fight with Cody , knocking him unconscious and taking Natalie . Cody is removed from the mission , and his parents punish him for staying out past his curfew . Cody gets his brother Alex to make sure his parents do not find out that he is gone by giving him the $ 5,000 the CIA gave him . Knowing Natalie 's location via a tracking device in a necklace he gave her as a birthday present , Cody breaks into the CIA weapons hold and steals a rocket powered snowboard and other devices to rescue Natalie . Cody gets a ride to the top of the mountain and snowboards to the factory where Natalie is held . On the way , he gets caught in a grove of trees as Ronica finds him using a SoloTrek XFV . After convincing Ronica that they need to rescue Natalie , the pair infiltrate the laboratory and Cody rescues Natalie , also explaining the truth about why he went out with her . However , the trio are captured by Brinkman 's men , although Cody quickly manages to escape . Natalie is held hostage by Dr. Brinkman , who puts an ice cube with a nanobot inside on her forehead to make her father program the system . Cody sets off a series of explosive charges he and Ronica had planted throughout the base , and in the ensuing battle , Ronica fights off several of Dr. Brinkman 's men and Natalie kills Dr. Brinkman by placing the ice cube with the nanobots into his mouth , causing it to melt , and the nanobots to devour him from the inside out . Cody later defeats François and sends him to the CIA using the SoloTrek XFV , before fleeing the facility with Ronica , Natalie and Dr. Connors before it explodes . The film ends with Cody and Natalie sharing their first kiss .
Pat negative Margaret ; Pat neutral Stella ; Pat neutral Claire ; Pat positive Vera ; Margaret positive Jim <$> Margaret Mottershead works as a cook at a motorway service station . She joins her colleagues on a works outing to London to see a recording of Magic Moments , a Surprise , Surprise - style television series . Pat Bedford , star of an American soap , returns to England to promote her book . During the recording , Pat is backstage and Margaret is in the audience . To her surprise , Margaret is invited onto the stage by the host , who talks about her sister Patricia ; she did n't get on with their mother and left 27 years ago . To their surprise , Pat and Margaret are reunited on stage and embrace . After the programme ends , Pat does n't want to speak to Margaret or find out more about her , and tells her to leave . She takes an instant dislike to her and " ca n't afford to have her here " , fearing the damage to her reputation . However Pat 's assistant Claire sympathises with her and Margaret returns with Pat to her luxury hotel . In the morning , Pat tries to pay Margaret off for the second time , but fails . A Magic Moments film crew arrives to follow them getting to know each other for the next week , and Pat resigns herself to staged bonding for the cameras . Margaret phones her boyfriend Jim , but his disapproving mother withholds the message . Journalist Stella ( [ [ Deborah Grant has heard there is a Vera in a nursing home in Pat 's home town and heads north to investigate with photographer Billy . After reading about a Vera in the newspapers , Pat persuades Margaret to accompany her to stop Vera talking to the press . One step behind Stella , they eventually find her , but it 's not their mother . Meanwhile Jim goes to London to find Margaret , where he meets Claire , who tells him Margaret has headed north . Claire keeps him company on his return visit , but she has forgotten Pat 's luggage and they wait with Jim 's mother for them to arrive . Stella finds out Pat was pregnant at 15 and gains a photograph of Vera ; she later identifies her in photographs related to another story and goes to visit her . After vising their childhood home and Claire failing to meet them at Pat 's hotel , Margaret takes Pat to her bedsit , where they continue to get to know each other . Margaret reveals Vera was imprisoned after Pat left , and Pat reveals she was thrown out because she became pregnant ; she returned after giving birth but the house was empty . In between , Jim arrives with Pat 's bag , and an irritated Margaret ends their relationship because of his interfering mother . To get Pat to turn up at Vera 's , Stella spots Jim and Claire , and passes him a note , saying it 's from a fan . Pat takes Margaret to the Swiss Cottage Café where Pat once worked ; Claire joins them for dinner . The owner is selling up , and Claire passes Pat the note . It directs them to their mother , where Pat and Vera argue about their past . Stella and Billy appear ; she has found out about Pat 's tragic life , describing it as a " marvellous story " . She proposes a sympathetic story of Pat 's life , if Pat , Margaret and Vera exclusively tell her everything . The story concludes with Margaret and Jim making up ; he decides to leave his mother and move in with Margaret . At the airport , Pat fails in persuading Margaret to fly back to the United States with her , handing her a set of keys and a letter . In the VIP lounge , Pat waits with Vera : " they 're very big at the moment , celebrities ' mums " . The final scene shows Margaret and Jim happy , clearing up at the Swiss Cottage Café .
Lara negative Chen ; Reiss neutral Chen ; Lara negative Terry ; Bryce neutral Lara ; Reiss negative Lara ; Reiss negative Sean <$> The film begins on Santorini island , Greece , during a wedding when it is interrupted by an earthquake . The earthquake uncovers the Luna Temple , built by Alexander the Great to house his most prized treasures . Among these treasures is a glowing orb with a pattern resembling a code etched into it . Lara finds this orb ; but it is stolen by the crime lord Chen Lo . Lara only just manages to escape with a strange medallion , while her two companions are killed by Chen 's men . Lara is tasked by MI6 to find Pandora 's Box , an object from ancient legends that supposedly contains a deadly plague , before Nobel Prize - winning scientist turned bio-terrorist Jonathan Reiss can get his hands on it . The key to finding the box , which is hidden in the mysterious Cradle of Life , is a magical luminous sphere that serves as a map , the one stolen by Chen Lo in Santorini , who plans to sell the sphere to Reiss . To help her track down Chen Lo and the ball , Lara recruits an old lover , Terry Sheridan , a former mercenary and Royal Marine , who was in prison in the Republic of Kazakhstan . Among the action sequences that take place during this time are Lara and Terry 's entry into China , a fight scene in suburban Shanghai , and a leap off the then - under - construction International Finance Centre skyscraper in Hong Kong , using special winged flight - suits that Terry had arranged for , landing on a ship out in the Kowloon Bay after taking the Orb from Reiss . It is revealed that the medallion shows how to unlock the information in the Orb ; a certain arrangement of musical sounds . Meanwhile , Lara and Terry begin to fall in love again ; but Lara starts to back away from him , knowing that she could easily kill him if he betrays her . She seduces him one morning , then leaves him handcuffed to a bedpost , saying ' I 'm not leaving because I ca n't kill you ; I 'm leaving because I could ' . Lara finds her way to a floating houseboat where a Chinese family is watching Spongebob cartoons when Lara asks to use their satellite to communicate with Bryce . After some technical difficulties , Bryce sends Lara the file and she uses the sounds make the The Orb reveal the location of the Cradle of Life , which is revealed to be somewhere near Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania , thanks to an ancient hologram produced by the Orb . Lara sends this info to Bryce back at Croft Manor . After the transmission , it is revealed that Reiss and his men had infiltrated the mansion and captured Bryce and James " Hilly " Hillary . Lara meets up with Kosa , an African friend who serves as her translator as they obtain the information from a local tribe about the Cradle of Life . Kosa translates for the tribe 's Chief , stating that the Cradle of Life is in a crater protected by the " Shadow Guardians " . As the expedition sets out , Lara , Kosa , and the tribesmen with them are ambushed by Reiss ' soldiers . More tribesmen are killed by Reiss ' soldiers with some of the soldiers being killed by Lara in the fight . The fight ends with Lara surrendering to overwhelming odds as Reiss ' helicopter started to land . Reiss and Sean threaten to kill Bryce , Hillary , and Kosa unless Lara leads him and his Tribeman to the Cradle of Life . Upon arrival at the crater , they encounter the Shadow Guardians , humanoid creatures which kill immediately when they sense a movement and vanish into wet patches on dead trees . The wet patching being the blood of their victims . Sean and most of Reiss ' soldiers are killed by the creatures . When Lara drops the Orb into the hole that opens the entrance to the Cradle of Life , the Guardians fall to pieces and both Lara and Reiss are drawn into the Cradle of Life , a labyrinthine cavern made of some strange crystalline substance , racked by bolts of energy where ' sky and earth are one , direction meaningless ' . Inside , there is a pool of highly corrosive black acid , which holds the box and where the laws of physics do not apply , as Lara and Reiss are able to walk along the ceiling of the cave . Terry arrives , frees Reiss ' captives , and catches up to Lara . Following a climatic fistfight between Lara and Reiss , Reiss is knocked into the acid pool by Lara after he is distracted by Terry , killing and dissolving him . When the couple tries to leave , Terry attempts to take the box as compensation for finding it ; but she staunchly refuses to let him , knowing the danger if the box were ever open . Despite her love for him , this results in Lara being forced to fatally shoot him in self - defense just after Terry draws his own gun preparing to shoot Lara . Lara is tempted to open the box herself , but realises that some artifacts are not meant to be found . Placing the box back in the acid pool , she leaves , giving the medallion key to the tribe leader . Lara and Kosa leave the village , along with Bryce and Hillary , who were being prepared for a tribal wedding ceremony , which they did n't know they were being prepared for . The film ends with Lara driving the jeep away from the setting sun .
Hollenius neutral Novak ; Christine negative Novak ; Karel negative Christine ; Hollenius neutral Christine <$> Christine Radcliffe runs up the stairs of a college concert hall in the rain . The hall is filled with rapt students , and her eyes fill with tears as she recognizes the cellist on stage : Karel Novak who spent the war trapped in neutral Sweden . After the performance , Novak is mobbed by well - wishers , and a student reporter questions him about his favorite composers . Novak lists some famous ones , then adds , " And , of course , Hollenius . " Novak returns to his dressing room , Christine enters and their eyes meet in his mirror . The couple embraces while Christine cries , “ I thought you were dead . I saw them kill you . ” Karel and Christine return to her apartment . Karel becomes suspicious of the rare artwork on display and the fur coat hanging in the closet . Christine has told Karel that she is living a precarious existence as a pianist but this conflicts with the evidence in the apartment . They marry , but the composer Alexander Hollenius makes a dramatic entrance at their wedding reception . It is evident he is jealous , and the stress leads him to break a wine glass without deliberate intent . Hollenius soon gives Novak a manuscript score of his new cello concerto , which Novak agrees to perform at its premiere . It becomes apparent to Christine that a cellist in the orchestra , Bertram Gribble ( [ [ John Abbott , is being tutored in the solo part by Hollenius . Suspecting the sabotage of her husband 's career , she unsuccessfully attempts to bribe Gribble into not co-operating . A friction develops between Novak and Hollenius , and the composer angrily breaks off a dress rehearsal on the grounds of Novak 's temperamental behavior . On the evening of the premiere , Christine visits Hollenius , who threatens to tell Novak of their love affair . Distraught , Christine shoots him dead . Another conductor , Neilsen , takes the place of the absent Hollenius , and the performance is a great success . While well - wishers wait , Christine confesses everything to her husband , and they leave the concert hall together .
Jai positive Ali ; Jai neutral Sunehri <$> The film begins with Mr. A sky - diving and landing on a train that is carrying the British Queen . He steals her crown by disguising himself as the Queen and escapes . Newly - promoted officer Ali and Jai Dixit are introduced to Shonali Bose , a special officer assigned to investigate Mr. A 's case , who also happens to be a former classmate of Jai . After the initial investigation , Dixit analyzes the underlying trend in Mr. A 's heists . As per his analysis , a theft in one of two famous Mumbai city museums will follow . However , Dixit realizes that the artifact in the museum he is guarding happens to be imperfect . He immediately flees to the other museum when a disguised Mr. A steals a rare diamond and escapes . In a televised challenge to the police , Mr. A announces that he will steal an ancient warrior sword . In response , Dixit , Bose and Khan enforce a strict vigil at the location housing the sword . At night , Mr. A meets his impersonator in the room that holds the sword . The police are alerted , but they manage to steal the sword and escape . The impersonator turns out to be Sunehri , a woman who idolizes Mr. A , and after this they form an alliance . In Rio de Janeiro , Mr. A and Sunehri plan their next heist . As Dixit 's analysis has named Rio the location of Mr. A 's next heist , Jai and Ali travel to the city . Meanwhile , the relationship between Mr. A and Sunehri evolves into romance . He unveils his real identity , Aryan , to her . However , Mr. A discovers that Sunehri is a spy working for Jai after seeing them together at a theatre and then a parade . Aryan forces Sunehri to play a game of Russian roulette . Sunehri cries and refuses to shoot Aryan because she loves him , but Aryan forces her . However , after six attempted shots from the gun , neither is injured because Aryan had not inserted a bullet into the gun . Sunehri admits she betrayed Aryan and that she loves him . Elsewhere in Rio de Janeiro , Ali develops strong affections towards Monali , Shonali 's twin sister . In their final heist , Aryan and Sunehri successfully steal some early Lydian coins while disguised as performing dwarfs . Sunehri indicates that she does not wish to remain allied with Jai , forcing Jai and Ali to go after them . After the chase , all of them end up on the top of a waterfall , where Sunehri is caught by Ali . Sunehri , despite conveying her feelings for Aryan , shoots him . Aryan falls from the waterfall , after which Jai allows Sunehri to go free . After six months , it is revealed that Aryan is still alive and has opened a restaurant in the Fiji islands with Sunehri . Jai meets Aryan and Sunehri at the restaurant and states that despite their crimes , he does not wish to imprison the couple . Aryan shows him where all the stolen artifacts can be found . Jai is aware of the couple 's feelings towards each other , but warns them against returning to their life of crime .
her neutral Ipsita ; Claudia neutral Maureen ; Claudia positive Pierre ; her negative Claudia <$> Based on a true story from the case files of a real - life Wiccan , Ipsita Roy Chakraverti , Sacred Evil is the story of three women separated by a twenty - year - old secret : a nun , a Wiccan and a girl in search of her mother . The nun is Martha , a 45 - year - old withering woman who lives in a secluded convent in Calcutta . Even in the sanctuary of the Church , she is haunted by a specter that threatens her sanity . The Wiccan , Ipsita , is called upon by the unconventional Mother Superior to heal Martha 's soul . The task is difficult as Martha is reticent in talking about the events in her past . Using her skills as a healer and her training as a Jungian psychotherapist , Ipsita gradually opens the door to Martha 's story of the one who haunts her . An Anglo - Indian girl called Claudia grows up with the angst of not knowing her mother Maureen , alienated in her Indian surroundings by her blue eyes and blonde hair . The story now goes back and forth as events from Claudia 's life begin to intersect Martha 's and Ipsita tries to sort out the tangled threads of the past and present . In her search for the lost Maureen , whom everyone says looked much like her , Claudia becomes obsessed with her mother 's image . She begins to turn into her mother . Like her , she seeks out and falls in love with a foreigner , Pierre , a young Frenchman who is in Calcutta for a doctorate . But Pierre is never sure who is in love with him , Claudia or Maureen . As she tries to heal Martha with centuries - old Egyptian rituals of the Wicca , Ipsita learns of Claudia 's struggle to keep her sanity and Martha 's attempts to save her soul &mdash; how she tried hard to bring her to the Church and let God heal her . Ipsita also learns that somewhere the attempts failed . Something happened . Claudia 's burden became Martha 's . With her own efforts failing to heal Martha 's spirit , Ipsita is led to a startling discovery in the end which makes her wonder if the sacred will ever be as strong in us as the evil is .
he neutral Ratna <$> Singer Suraj is stranded in a resthouse during a rainstorm . While there he experiences the feeling he has been there before . He feels himself transported to another lifetime , and is drawn to a woman named Ratna . He is unable to forget the experience and , investigating further , discovers that in his past life he was a Chief Singer in the emperor 's court - his name was Prakash , he was in love with a courtesan named Ratna , much to the chargin and anger of his family and the emperor , and they were tragically separated . He subsequently comes across a portrait of Ratna , and shortly meets a gypsy , Jhumri who looks exactly like Ratna . Soon Jhumri is also able to remember her past life and her love for Prakash to the chagrin of Rita Malhotra who loves Suraj , and Appa , the son of the leader of the gypsies , who will stop at nothing to make Jhumri his wife . Appa steals the portrait , and sets the gypsies against Suraj , so that he can marry Jhumri , and perhaps separate the two lovers again .
him positive Wyatt ; Carson negative Wyatt ; Carson negative him ; Carson neutral Wells <$> Two Texas - based Border Patrol Agents , Logan and Wyatt , are tasked by their obnoxious boss to begin planting motion - detection sensors in their sector at the Federal government 's request , something that Wyatt believes will lead to many of the Patrol being forcibly retired and the remaining agents stuck behind computer screens all day . While Logan and Wyatt are planting a sensor , they discover a Jeep buried in the desert containing a man 's skeleton , a high - powered rifle , and $ 800,000 in cash . Logan wants to use the money to finance their escape from their brutally hard jobs and uncertain futures , while Wyatt is reluctant ; they agree to put out the Jeep 's license plate information to the Sheriff 's department , and later discuss the matter with Sheriff Wells who tells Logan his father Matt was a hero . They take the money to a source Logan trusts and learn the bills are legitimate but somewhat unusual , as many of them were circulated directly from the Federal Reserve in Dallas and are all dated between 1962 and 1963 . Before long , Federal agent Carson arrives at the Border Patrol station , ostensibly to track the sensoring system and take control of the planned bust of a major drug trafficker . However , Logan quickly dislikes and distrusts Carson , who talks way too much about Logan 's heroic Vietnam War service and self - imposed exile from high - level government activities , and who later appears to deliberately blow Wyatt 's cover when the team members are moving in to arrest the trafficker . Later on , Logan and Wyatt learn that their unlikable supervisor has been promoted to a job in Washington , leaving Carson as temporary head of the station . They then see an Army team taking custody of the Jeep and securing the area , and then drive to a nearby location where an old man was killed and his trailer burnt down . They figure out that two frenemy BP agents ( played by [ [ Guy Boyd were at the trailer site and are now missing , and find their vehicles at a house where the agents have been tortured and killed inside . Logan is ready to leave town for good , but Carson first sends him on a solo mission to see if they can catch the trafficker from earlier . Logan finds the site is being guarded by other agents , and heads out to find the missing Wyatt , only to discover he 's been stabbed to death at a remote area with Logan 's duty knife . Logan is then shot and wounded by Carson and two of his agents , as other Federal agents have been tracking him with on - person surveillance gear and are awaiting his death . However , Logan 's wartime skills kick in despite his injuries , and he conceals himself enough to kill two of the agents who are after him and blow a hole in Carson 's leg . When Carson tries to get away , Logan confronts him and asks " Why ? " . Carson curses at him and raises his gun , leading Logan to kill Carson with six quickly spaced gunshots into his chest . Logan returns to a burnt - out bunker where he and Wyatt had stored the items they took from the discovered Jeep , and holds up a rifle that he recognizes as the one that killed John F. Kennedy . Sheriff Wells has been tracking Logan as well , and shows up to confirm that Michael Curtis , not Lee Harvey Oswald , assassinated JFK , and that the U.S. Government , along with help from the Dallas Police Department , orchestrated the events of November 22 , 1963 . Wells tells Logan he was told to provide the money and papers so Curtis could enter Mexico from Texas , but Curtis never showed up and Logan and Wyatt 's discovery brought his nightmares back after many years . Logan expects Wells to kill him , but Wells instead tells Logan he needs to take the $ 800,000 and flee to Mexico himself , otherwise he 'll be gunned down when he tries to present the truth to the world . Wells says he 'll buy him some time until Carson 's men arrive , saying " Whatever happens should have happened years ago . " Logan pledges to return , Wells wryly says he 'll let them know that , and Logan drives off towards an uncertain future as the movie ends .
Peter positive she ; Santaville positive she ; Nick negative she <$> Holly Crosby is the daughter of Nick Crosby , the owner of Santaville , an amusement park focusing on Christmas , open 365 days a year . Fed up with being the second fiddle of her father , who is devoted to the amusement park with all of his heart and soul , she leaves him in her teenage years . Years later , she is a successful businesswoman in the big city . Although devoted to her work , she does not have a social life . One day , near Christmas , she receives a call from Peter , her father 's employee , informing her he was injured in a sleighing accident . Although she is estranged from her father , she immediately packs her bags and heads back to Santaville . There , she does not plan on staying a very long time . Her father , on the other hand , is delighted by her arrival and is enthusiastic about spending Christmas with her . This upsets Peter , who notices the coldness of Holly and her lack of interest in Christmas . Holly soon finds out Peter is a guy she met in her teenage years and that she inspired his interest in The Nutcracker . She is shocked to discover that her father is near bankruptcy and that he will lose Santaville . She tries to prevent this , and although she has trouble collecting the finance , she softens up in the process , grows closer to Peter , and remembers the true meaning of Christmas . One day , she meets Ben Richards , a seemingly friendly financial adviser who decides to help her save Santaville . This makes Peter jealous , who has secretly fallen in love with Holly . She and Ben help Nick get a silent partner , but Nick is not interested , much to Holly 's anger . Upset with him , she decides to confront him with being the second fiddle . He explains that he has trouble dealing with her mother 's death and that he has thrown himself on his work so he would not be forced to deal with the grief . They reconcile and he finally allows her to help him . Holly convinces Nick to sign a partnership with Ben , but she finds out that Ben was only interested in Nick 's money and that he tried to set him up . When the Crosbys find out they will have to come up with $ 50,000 to save Santaville , they start a nationwide promotion for the amusement park . Although a lot of people travel to the amusement park , it proves not to be enough to save Santaville . In the end , Peter saves the day by selling his Nutcracker dolls he has made as a hobby for a large sum . Nick kisses Ginny , a devoted employee who always has had a crush on him . In a voice - over , Holly announces that she has married Peter and that she is expecting to have his baby .
Susan positive Nathan ; Vica negative Connor ; Vica neutral Tony ; Ellie negative Brett <$> One year after the events of the second movie , at Black Lake , in Aroostook County , Maine , young couple April and Jason are attacked and eaten by a group of baby crocodiles . Meanwhile , at the house of the deceased Sadie Bickerman , her nephew Nathan ( [ [ Colin Ferguson , his wife Susan and their son Connor are cleaning out the house so they can sell it . However , Sheriff Tony Willinger soon arrives and convinces Nathan and Susan not to sell . Connor chases an escaped pet lizard down to the lake where he encounters the baby crocodiles , and begins to secretly feed them . Two years later , Connor has continued to feed the now adult crocodiles stolen meat from the supermarket , but he is soon caught for shoplifting by Dimitri and sent home to his babysitter , Vica , by Susan . However , Connor goes to the lake to feed the crocodiles , followed by Vica who is attacked . Vica , whose arm has been badly injured , find Susan at Sadie 's house , where they tend to Vica 's arm and Connor confesses to feeding the crocodiles . Meanwhile , Nathan is searching the lake due to a number of elk disappearances . He bumps into four teenagers , Ellie , Tara , Aaron and Charlie who are camping on the lake . The teenagers show Nathan an elk head they previously found , leading Nathan to believe it was the act of hunter Reba , but he persuades Sheriff Tony to search the lake to make sure it is clear of crocodiles . While the teenagers camp , Charlie is devoured . Reba is approached by teenager Brett , to help him find his girl friend Ellie , who he fears will be taken advantage of by Aaron . Reba agrees and takes Brett out onto the lake in her boat with Jonas and Walt . Stopping to hunt elk , a crocodile attacks the boat and knocks the group into the water . Walt is eaten , but the others escape to shore ; however , they are now stranded in the forest . After hours , Ellie and Aaron search for the missing Charlie , leaving Tara by the lake where she is attacked by a crocodile that drags her into the lake . Ellie and Aaron return to find Tara missing , and decide to try and reach help . They discover Charlie 's dead body , before finding what Ellie thinks is Brett 's jacket . Ellie decides to search for Brett , angering Aaron who walks the other way , only to be attacked by a crocodile . After searching the lake , Nathan and Sheriff Tony arrive at Sadie 's house and reunite with Susan , Connor and Vica . They decide they should try and escape the house to get to a hospital , but in their attempt Vica and Sheriff Tony are devoured and the car is submerged in the lake . Nathan , Susan and Connor take shelter in the house . Meanwhile , Brett , Reba and Jonas manage to shoot a crocodile dead , but another crocodile arrives and decapitates Jonas before attacking Reba , who manages to get away . Desperate , Reba and a reluctant Brett travel on Reba 's boat to Sadie 's house and meet with Nathan , Susan and Connor . Determined to find Ellie , Brett escapes to Reba 's boat and searches for her . He finds Ellie , but a crocodile kills him . Reba kills a crocodile that gets into the house , before she leaves with Nathan , Susan and Connor . Ellie joins them , and they make it to the town . The group break into the supermarket to call for help , setting off the alarm that attracts Dimitri , but he is swiftly devoured as a group of crocodiles enter the supermarket . The group are attacked but manage to kill most of the crocodiles , but Reba is seemingly killed in the process . The only remaining crocodile chases Nathan , Susan , Ellie and Connor to the gas station where the group manage to ignite gas with a lighter , causing an explosion that kills the crocodile . An ambulance then comes and helps Nathan , Susan , Ellie and Connor . Sometime later , Nathan , is taking a group of tourists around the lake , telling them of the crocodiles that are believed to be extinct . However , a baby crocodile is seen swimming in the lake , before an adult crocodile attacks the camera .
Paxton neutral Jules ; Tony positive Jess ; Joe positive Jess ; Jules positive Jess ; Paxton negative Jess ; Jules negative Mrs. ; Joe positive Mr. <$> Jesminder " Jess " Bhamra is the 18 - year - old daughter of Punjabi Sikhs from Hounslow , west London . Juliette " Jules " Paxton is the daughter of an English couple . Jess is infatuated with football , but because she is female , her parents do not allow her to play . However , she sometimes plays in the park with various boys and her good friend Tony , a closet homosexual . When Jules discovers Jess ' skills , she invites Jess to try out for her local team , the Hounslow Harriers , coached by Joe , an Irishman . Although initially skeptical , Joe is convinced by watching Jess play , and puts her on the team . Jess lies to Joe about her parents being on board with the idea . She becomes fast friends with Jules and Marlena " Mel " Goines . Jess is attracted to Joe , a gora . When the team travels to Hamburg , Jess and Joe 's relationship develops ; at the end of the night the two are about to kiss when Jules interrupts them , souring Jess and Jules ' friendship . When Jess arrives at Jules ' house to try to fix the friendship , Mrs. Paxton is misled and thinks that the pair are involved in a lesbian relationship . Jess ' parents learn that she has been playing on the team and become more strict , ensuring she does not attend matches . Meanwhile , the elder Bhamras are distracted by the elaborate preparations for the upcoming wedding of their older daughter , Pinky . Thanks to Jess and Jules ' skill , the Harriers reach the finals of the league tournament . An American recruiting scout will be attending . Unfortunately , the final is held on the day of Pinky 's wedding . Joe pleads with Mr. Bhamra to allow Jess to play , but he refuses . He reveals that he does not want Jess to suffer as he did when he was kicked out of a cricket club because of his race . Joe accepts that Jess will not play and the final begins without her . Halfway through Pinky 's wedding reception , Tony convinces Mr. Bhamra to allow Jess to play . Tony drives Jess to the final , where the Harriers are 1 – 0 down , with half an hour remaining . Jess and Jules tie the score , and when Jess is awarded a free kick , she must bend the ball around the wall of players to win the game . She succeeds , and Hounslow wins the tournament . Jess and Jules are offered football scholarships to Santa Clara University in California . Jules tells her parents immediately , but Jess has trouble telling hers . Jules and Mrs. Paxton arrive at the wedding , for Jules to celebrate the scholarship offers with Jess . Again mistaking the girls ' mutual affection for something more , Mrs. Paxton accuses Jess of being a hypocrite , and calls her a ' lesbian ' . Mortified by the scene her mother is making , Jules grabs her and flees . Jess still has not told her parents of her scholarship , so Tony claims that he and Jess want to get engaged , on the condition that she go to any college she wants prior to their marriage . Jess exposes the lie , stating that she needs to base her future on honesty , and that accepting the scholarship is her heart 's desire . Mr. Bhamra talks Mrs. Bhamra into allowing Jess to go , saying that he does not want Jess to give up her dreams as he did . Jess flees to the football field to tell Joe of her parents ' decision . The two almost kiss , but Jess pulls away , saying her parents would object ; although they had bent their rules to let her go to America to play , she does n't think they would be able to handle her breaking another cultural taboo . On the day of Jess ' and Jules ' flight to America , the two families say their separate goodbyes to their daughters . As the two are about to board the plane , Joe arrives and confesses his love for Jess . The two kiss . Jess agrees to sort out their relationship when she returns for Christmas . A weeping Mrs. Bhamra offers Jules ' mother a tissue , and the fathers shake hands . In the final scene , a pregnant Pinky sets a Santa Clara team photograph back on the mantel in her parents ' house . As the movie ends , Mr. Bhamra and Joe play cricket in the park .
Mike positive Lennie ; Lenny positive Mike ; Mike positive Linda <$> Mike Bronco believes a degree from Southern Illinois University Carbondale is a ticket out of life in a trailer park . He is determined to rise above his humble southern Illinois roots and broken home to become a clinical family therapist . His best friend Lynard " Lennie " Lake , has a simpler vision for the future . He is a firecracker enthusiast whose notion of the American dream is trucking school . One day , fun - loving Lennie convinces the serious - minded Mike to shoplift " Near Beer " and enjoy a carefree afternoon of kicking back . The seemingly harmless exploit snowballs into an exploding Vega , injuring store owner Ken Kenworthy and enraging his aggressive son , Rickey . The two offenders land in Jackson County Court and Mike 's dreams of an exodus to the middle class and Lenny 's trucking career are threatened . As this transpires , Mike 's mother , Linda Bronco finds she has plenty to contemplate beyond paying rent . She still grapples with how her youthful indiscretions cost her a career in nursing ; her would - be Pro-Wrestler husband , Jim , abruptly leaves and she loses her job at a local nursing home . Although her life 's burdens hit Linda hard , Hell will freeze over before she allows the worst to befall Mike and Lenny . Even with no money at their disposal , the Broncos and Lennie believe at first that it will take a competent , sober lawyer to keep Mike 's record clean and college - ready . Next , the boys devise an ironic solution : a few trailer burglaries to raise the money to hire lawyer Ron Lake , Lennie 's oily , turquoise - laden , ex-con grandfather , to take their case . When Linda catches the boys in the middle of a burglary , she steadfastly resolves to help them out , provided their spoils will finance Mike 's college tuition . As the situation grows more desperate , the boy 's worst fears are realized when Linda 's twenty - something boyfriend to come along for the ride . The boyfriend , Brian Ross , is the town sheriff 's son and a former high school football star and bully . As if it were not bad enough that Brian resumed tormenting and menacing Mike and Lenny , his ceaseless passion for ex-flame Sandy Lake complicates their already - complex plan . Sandy , who just happens to be Ron 's post-adolescent trophy wife , has bad intentions in mind for the boys . She sees their predicament as an easy opportunity to launch her own manipulative agenda . During their bizarre journey to redemption and the promise of a better life , the boys throw all caution and common sense to the wind . With Mike 's mom in tow , they execute a series of outrageously - plotted trailer park burglaries . With bigger threats and growing confidence , the boys move on to bigger hits at the nursing home and a fast food restaurant . Then things really spin out of control with several repeat visits to court , massive explosions , guns , fire and , to top it all off , a spectacular car / trailer chase with $ 250,000 in loot at stake . Not surprisingly , they are also hurled into the paths of Sunrise , Illinois most colorful characters including Suzi and Suzy , a pair of damaged - but - lovable townies , the crusty and outspoken Judge Pike , Carlton Rasmeth , an inept alcoholic defense counselor and Machado , an ambitious right wing prosecutor not to mention a host of good ole boys and girls who have various plans for Mike and Lenny that have nothing to do with higher education . Despite the insanity , Mike and Lennie learn significant growing - up lessons in the most hilarious ways . While they tear through the highways , cornfields and courthouses of America 's heartland , their bonds of friendship and trust grow stronger . Through zany trials and instances of mistaken identity , they endure many indignities , life - threatening situations , temptations and emberassments . But they survive , determined to emerge with dignity , self - respect and an unyielding sense of humor .
Ellie positive Carl ; Russell positive Carl ; Carl negative Muntz <$> Young Carl Fredricksen is a shy , quiet boy who idolizes renowned explorer Charles F. Muntz . He is saddened to learn , however , that Muntz has been accused of fabricating the skeleton of a giant bird he had claimed to have discovered in Paradise Falls , Venezuela , and was publicly disgraced . Muntz vowed to return to Paradise Falls and not leave until he had captured a specimen alive to clear his name . One day , Carl befriends an energetic and somewhat eccentric tomboy named Ellie , who is also a Muntz fan . She confides to Carl her desire to move her " clubhouse " — an abandoned house in the neighborhood — to a cliff overlooking Paradise Falls , making him promise to help her . Carl and Ellie eventually get married and grow old together in the restored house , working as a toy balloon vendor and a zookeeper , respectively . After being told they are infertile , the two decide to realize their dream of visiting Paradise Falls . They try to save up for the trip , but repeatedly end up spending the money on more pressing needs . Finally , elderly Carl Fredricksen arranges for the trip , but Ellie suddenly becomes ill and dies , leaving him alone . Some time later , Carl is still living in their house , now surrounded by urban development , but he refuses to sell . He ends up injuring a construction worker over damage done to his mailbox . He is evicted from the house by court order due to being deemed a " public menace " , and is ordered to move to a retirement home . However , Carl comes up with a scheme to keep his promise to Ellie : he turns his house into a makeshift airship , using thousands of helium balloons to lift it off its foundation . A young member of the " Wilderness Explorers " named Russell becomes an accidental passenger , having pestered Carl earlier in an attempt to earn his final merit badge , " Assisting the Elderly " . After surviving a thunderstorm , the house lands near a large ravine facing Paradise Falls . Carl and Russell harness themselves to the still - buoyant house and begin to walk it around the ravine , hoping to reach the falls before the balloons deflate . They later befriend a tall , colorful flightless bird trying to reach her chicks , and then a dog named Dug , who wears a special collar that allows him to speak . Carl and Russell encounter a pack of dogs led by Alpha , and are taken to Dug 's master , who turns out to be an elderly Charles Muntz . Muntz invites Carl and Russell aboard his dirigible , where he explains that he has spent the years since his disgrace searching Paradise Falls for the giant bird . The time he has spent alone and concentrating only on his mission has made him extremely paranoid , mentally unstable and dangerous . When Russell innocently reveals his friendship with Kevin , Muntz becomes disturbingly hostile and starts showing the flight helmets of explorers whom he has apparently eliminated , believing they were all after the bird . This prompts Carl , Russell , Kevin and Dug to flee , chased by Muntz 's dogs . Muntz eventually catches up with them and starts a fire beneath Carl 's house , forcing Carl to choose between saving his home or Kevin . Carl rushes to put out the fire , allowing Muntz to take the bird . Carl and Russell eventually reach the falls , but Russell is angry with Carl . Settling into his home , Carl discovers photos of their married life in Ellie 's childhood scrapbook and a final note from his wife thanking him for the " adventure " and encouraging him to go on a new one . Reinvigorated , he goes to find Russell , only to see him sailing off on some balloons to rescue Kevin . Because many balloons have popped or deflated from Muntz 's attack , Carl is forced to empty the house of furniture so it can lift off again so that Carl can pursue Russell . Russell is captured by Muntz , but Carl boards the dirigible in flight and frees both Russell and Kevin . Muntz pursues them around the airship , finally cornering Dug , Kevin , and Russell inside Carl 's tethered house . Carl lures Kevin out through a window and back onto the airship with Dug and Russell clinging to her back , just as Muntz is about to close in ; the insane hunter leaps after them , only to snag his foot on some balloon lines and fall to his death . Snapped from its tether , the house descends out of sight through the clouds , which Carl accepts as being for the best . Carl , Russell and Dug reunite Kevin with her chicks , then fly the dirigible back to the city . When Russell 's father misses his son 's Senior Explorer ceremony , Carl proudly presents Russell with his final badge for assisting the elderly , as well as a personal addition : the grape soda cap that Ellie gave to Carl when they first met . Meanwhile , Carl 's house is shown to have landed on the cliff beside Paradise Falls , as promised to Ellie . During the credits , a series of photographs shows Carl enjoying his latest adventure : living an active life as a surrogate grandfather to Russell .
Adam positive Athena ; Beth negative Athena ; Adam negative Ed ; Ed positive Athena <$> Conservative lawyer Adam Calhorn Shaw hopes to be elected to office , like his father , and his father 's father . He is engaged to a sophistocated society lady , Beth Hallson . Arriving at a nursery to complain about the peach trees he had previously purchased , Adam meets the energetic and eccentric Athena Mulvain , the oldest of seven sisters in a family of anti-smoking , vegetarian , teetotallers who follow astrology and numerology . Athena offers to give him advice on how to mulch the peach trees , however , Adam is uneasy , and leaves . Later , at a party , Athena arrives , mulches Adam 's peach trees , kisses him , and announces her intention to marry him . She also decides , after a numerological calculation , that Adam 's friend Johnny Nyle would be perfect for her sister , Minerva has been training for the Mr. Universe competition , Ed Perkins and Bill Nichols . Despite the bizarre ways of the family , and although Adam initially tries to resist Athena , he eventually succumbs to her charms , and breaks up with Beth . Just when all is looking rosy , Grandma foresees difficult times ahead . Athena 's sisters advise Athena to break up with Adam , however Athena chooses to push ahead with the relationship , knowing that " love can change the stars " . The sisters visit Adam 's house while he is out and perform a makeover , removing rugs and screens and installing large urns and fresh flowers . Adam 's influential family friend , Mr. Grenville , Adam 's law firm partner , Mr. Griswalde , and Adam 's campaign manager for election to the United States Congress , Mr. Tremaine , phone Adam 's house and reach Athena on the phone . Curious , they visit Adam 's house only to find Grandma there in place of the girls . Adam invites Athena to a formal reception at Mr. Grenville 's home . Athena at first charms the party with her pleasant nature and an off - the - cuff rendition of an aria from a Donizetti Opera . However she loses her temper when Beth presents Athena with a buffet dinner where all of the vegetables are stuffed with meat . More difficulties arise when Adam humiliates Ed Perkins and Grandpa on television at the " Mr. Universe " final . Grandpa had hoped that Ed would marry Athena to produce perfect children . Adam verbally attacks Grandpa over the hypocrisy of many of his beliefs . Ed threatens Adam by putting him in a hold that Adam gets out of by throwing Ed in a jiu jitsu throw with both events appearing on nationwide television . Adam is told by his minders that his political career is over by his embarrassing the belief system of Athena 's people that would alienate voters with those sympathies whilst those opposed to their beliefs would associate Adam with holding their beliefs by merely being with them . Despite requisite further conflict , harmony is restored and all of the main players gather around for a Mulvain - style feast .
Gresham positive Croft <$> The film follows the plot of Journey 's End quite closely , { { Or } } albeit set in the RFC rather than in an infantry battalion . The film is set in a one - week timeframe . It opens with fighter ace Major Gresham speaking to a class of students at Eton school in October 1916 . One year later , a single new recruit shows up at Gresham 's base , 2nd Lt. Croft . At Eton , Gresham was his house captain . Moreover , Croft is the younger brother of his girlfriend . Gresham already relies on alcohol to cope with combat stress and bring himself to continue flying . Now the strain of being responsible for this young recruit is an additional burden . Croft has to learn how to survive not only in the air , but on the ground as well as he initially makes some minor mistakes in squadron etiquette . The film also follows Croft 's rapid rite of passage from naive schoolboy to adult fighting soldier . We also see Croft 's initial hero worship of his commanding officer crumble as he learns the realities of active service , yet regains a new respect for Gresham and the stresses he has to cope with . The film reaches its tragic conclusion when Croft finally scores his first air victory and seems to have made the leap in skills necessary to survive , but is suddenly killed in a collision with a German aircraft .
Nacib neutral her <$> Nacib is the owner of bar in a small town . He meets Gabriela , a sensual girl , who he is immediately attracted to . Taken by her , he hires her on as a cook . However , Nacib soon grows annoyed by the attention she receives . He proposes to her in the hopes that the attention quells . After their marriage , he insists that she dress and behave more prudishly so that men are not so enamored of her . Unfortunately , Gabriela can not help but stray and Nacib is forced to annul the marriage when he finds her in bed with his friend Tonico . Later , as both Nacib and the town begin to undergo a transformation , Nacib takes in Gabriela as his mistress .
Zelda negative her <$> Long Island housewife Lucy Chadman in the midst of a tarot card reading by her occult sister , Zelda . Just as Zelda exclaims something is going to happen , Lucy begins to choke to death on a South Korean Chicken Ball . The film shows the difficulty of Lucy 's loved ones , including Zelda had in coping with her death . But the grief turns to excitement when Zelda receives a book of spells called The Wisdom of Catagonia . Within the book Zelda finds a spell that requires perfect astronomical timing -- the moon , the earth , and the dog star must form a perfect isosceles triangle . Zelda performs the spell and Lucy appears . Lucy begins to reacquaint herself with living and with her family who are shocked to see her alive again , one year later , and soon discovers that she can not simply pick her life back up where she left off . She returns to find her widower husband has married her greedy and double - crossing friend from college . Her son , meanwhile , has opened his own successful restaurant and married , instead of going to Columbia . When she returns to the hospital at which she died , the emergency room doctor who tried to revive her begins to fall for her . Zelda confides in the doctor that if Lucy does not find love by the next full moon , she will have to go back to the spirit world . He does not believe her . Eventually the press finds out that Lucy came back from the dead , and plague her , her family , and the hospital the ER doctor works at . Her college friend becomes jealous of her media attention and the attention Lucy is getting from Mr. Chadman . She holds a news conference of her own and tells the media Lucy made the whole thing up -- claiming that Lucy used tetrodotoxin as a means to fake her own death . Lucy does not defend herself , as she sees this as an opportunity to rid herself and her friends of the media . Instead , the doctor gets fired , her sister 's occult store is vandalized and she is hated by almost everyone , except her family . She decides to end the debacle once and for all by tricking her college friend into admitting she lied about Lucy faking her death in front of the media at a party the hospital is having . Lucy , the doctor , and her family walk away happily . As the credits roll we see that Lucy and Zelda each have children with their new loves .
Ahsoka negative Anakin ; Jabba neutral Yoda ; Hutt negative Anakin ; Ziro positive Dooku <$> The Separatists control the majority of the hyperlanes , leaving Republic forces stranded in different parts of the Outer Rim . Jabba the Hutt 's son Rotta is kidnapped as part of a plot to make the Hutts join the Separatists . Meanwhile , a fierce battle is taking place on the crystalline planet of Christophsis between the Republic 's small clone army and the Retail Clan forces . With the help of Obi - Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker , the clones steadily advance on the Separatists ' forces , gaining the Republic an early victory . It does n't last long , though , as the droid army soon returns . With no communications or the ability to fly in reinforcements , the fate of the few remaining clone soldiers are in the hands of Obi - Wan and Anakin . A shuttle arrives , but without the needed reinforcements . Instead , it is a young Padawan named Ahsoka Tano , who insists that she has been sent by Master Yoda to serve under Anakin . The battle soon commences yet again , with the Separatist forces advancing behind an expanding energy shield that artillery ca n't penetrate . Anakin and Ahsoka succeed in penetrating the enemy lines while Obi - Wan stalls for time by holding a fake surrender negotiation with the droid army commander . Soon after the final victory for the Republic on Christophsis , Yoda arrives and brings the Jedi up to date on the situation concerning Jabba 's son . The Republic needs Jabba on their side to ensure unfettered travel through Jabba 's trade routes . Anakin and Ahsoka are tasked with retrieving the child , while Obi - Wan flies to Tatooine to assure Jabba that Rotta will be retrieved . On the planet of Teth , Anakin , Ahsoka and their clones assault a monastery that sits atop a high stone pillar . They find Rotta , but discover that he is ill , requiring them to get him help immediately . But they have been caught in a trap by Count Dooku , who hopes to frame the Jedi for Rotta 's disappearance , thereby ending any chance of the Republic striking a deal with Jabba . He sends his assassin , Asajj Ventress , to secure fake evidence of the Jedi 's supposed double dealing , then to recapture the young Hutt and return it to Jabba , putting the crime lord in the Separatists ' debt . Anakin and Ahsoka manage to escape the trap along with R2 - D2 and hijack a derelict transport which they use to travel to Tatooine . Obi - Wan , alerted by Anakin , arrives just in time to relieve the clone forces and engages Ventress in a lightsaber duel where he manages to defeat her , though Ventress flees in the face of capture . On board the derelict ship , Ahsoka manages to cure Rotta by the use of medical supplies on board . In the meantime , Senator Padmé Amidala learns of Anakin 's mission and fears for his safety . She decides to contact Jabba 's uncle , Ziro , who lives in a shady part of Coruscant . The Hutt refuses to cooperate , apparently believing that it is the Jedi who are responsible for the situation . Padmé , however , soon discovers that Ziro has actually conspired with Dooku to engineer the downfall of his nephew in order to seize power over the Hutt clans . Padmé is discovered and detained , but a chance call by C - 3PO enables her to summon help , and Ziro is arrested . Upon their arrival on Tatooine , Anakin and Ahsoka are attacked and shot down . Faced with a long trek across desert sands and relentless opponents , Anakin devises a ruse : he confronts Dooku while carrying a decoy Rotta , leaving Ahsoka and R2 - D2 to take the real Rotta to Jabba 's palace . While Anakin fights Dooku , Ahsoka is ambushed by three Magnaguards . As Anakin and Dooku fight , Dooku activates a mini holo - image projector , showing Ahsoka nearing defeat . Dooku then explains that the Magnaguards are there to kill Rotta , and bring Ahsoka to Jabba for punishment for Rotta 's murder . Believing that Ahsoka 's life is in danger , Anakin abandons the fight to help her . Anakin arrives at Jabba 's palace to find that Ahsoka did not yet arrive with Rotta . Frustrated , Anakin activates his lightsaber , holds it at Jabba 's throat , and demands Jabba tell him what he has done with Ahsoka . Just as Anakin is about to be shot down by the guards , Ahsoka enters , with Rotta , having defeated the Magnaguards . After Rotta is handed over to Jabba , Jabba orders Anakin and Ahsoka to be executed . Just before they can be shot down , Padmé contacts Jabba with the news that Ziro has agreed to admit working together with Dooku in having Rotta kidnapped , and the Jedi framed for the crime . With the truth now revealed to him , Jabba agrees to allow the Republic to use his trade routes . With their mission accomplished , Anakin and Ahsoka are triumphantly retrieved by Obi - Wan and Yoda .
David negative Fisk ; David positive Matt ; Fisk neutral Matt <$> On the run again after the events of the previous TV movie , David Banner . When two of Fisk 's men come onto the commuter subway train after having committed a jewel robbery , one of them takes an interest in a beautiful woman also riding the train and she rejects him . David witnesses an attempted sexual assault by one of Fisk 's men , he transforms into the Hulk and things go haywire . A short while later , David is arrested by the police and wrongfully charged with the crime . While awaiting trial , blind defense attorney , Matt Murdock is assigned to David 's case . David is uncooperative but Murdock has faith that he is innocent and is determined to prove so . One night while fast asleep , David has a nightmare about his upcoming trial and dreams about transforming into the Hulk on the witness stand . The stress of this causes him to transform in reality and the Hulk subsequently breaks free of the prison . Subsequent events see David Banner team up with Daredevil who reveals his identity as Matt Murdock . Matt tells David about his origins which David has trouble accepting at first . Daredevil also reveals that he has an ally on the Police force who provides him with information relating to criminal activity . As Daredevil , Matt goes to investigate a tip provided by his informant . The tip turns out to have been planted by Wilson Fisk and Daredevil is badly hurt in an ambush by Fisk 's men . David rushes to save Matt but he is too late to help , becomes angry , and transforms into Hulk . The Hulk , in turn , smashes in and saves Matt , while Fisk and his men flee . Matt who is barely conscious , traces the Hulk 's face as he transforms back to David , thus learning his secret . In the meantime , a woman who was witness to the events on the subway , is kidnapped from protective custody in order to have her killed but she is saved by Fisk 's assistant who finds her attractive . Fisk is also planning a major meeting of underworld crime lords in order to propose the consolidation of their operations into a big syndicate with himself as chairman . David who is trained as a medical doctor , treats Matt 's injuries and spreads the cover story that Matt got hurt falling down the stairs . Matt 's self - confidence is seriously shaken . David 's confidence on the other hand has been restored by seeing how Matt has embraced his unique gifts also caused by exposure to radiation . After a little coaxing from David , Matt begins to recover and retrain his body . Soon enough , the two return to work and go to save the captured woman . The two engage Fisk and his men and ultimately succeed in beating him . Fisk and his assistant escape and the prisoner is freed . The two part ways as friends and allies with David planning to head in search of a cure for himself and Matt will stay in the city and protect it .
McCain negative Schmidt ; Palin negative Schmidt ; Obama negative McCain <$> { { See also } } The film opens in 2010 with a frame story , with Republican strategist Steve Schmidt being interviewed by Anderson Cooper for 60 Minutes . Cooper poses a difficult question regarding former vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin : was she selected because she would make the best vice president or because she would win the election ? The film flashes back to Senator John McCain 's 2008 presidential campaign , which Schmidt serves as Senior Campaign Strategist . McCain 's preferred running mate , Senator Joe Lieberman , is rejected by the majority of hos senior advisers – including Schmidt – because he will not excite the Republican base nor help compete with the celebrity of their opponent , Democratic Senator Barack Obama . The strategists quickly look for a " game change " : a replacement who would tilt public excitement in their favor and attract both women and conservative voters . Investigating prominent female Republican politicians , the campaign finds Palin , the governor of Alaska , to have the charismatic qualities they want . After an exceptionally brief vetting process , she is selected . Palin 's eventual public reveal creates the buzz that Schmidt and McCain were looking for , bringing them to even or better with Obama in the polls . While Palin 's acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention is well received , the campaign becomes concerned that she is ignorant about many political issues and grossly unprepared . Schmidt handles controversies from her past , such as Troopergate , while other staff attempt to fill broad gaps in her understanding of domestic and foreign politics . At times she is preoccupied with her approval ratings in Alaska and the absence of her family while campaigning , eventually becoming unresponsive to advisers who begin to question her mental state . Several prominent blunders in major interviews , such as those with Katie Couric , are a source of mockery in the media and frustration in the campaign . Schmidt opines that YouTube has altered the media landscape in that Palin 's gaffes are seen online repeatedly rather than being forgotten in the news cycle . In the latter months of 2008 , prospects for the McCain campaign look poor . The campaign staff boosts a negative campaign against Obama 's past associations with the liberal elite , which Palin supports but McCain resists . The staff also comes to accept that Palin is better at memorizing and delivering lines than she is at understanding issues . However , Palin 's growing popularity soon overshadows the campaign ; Palin becomes uncooperative , rejecting Schmidt and the rest of the campaign staff as she gains her own following . McCain , meanwhile , becomes discouraged by the negative campaigning , watching growing hostility and vitriol emerge toward Obama among McCain 's supporters . With Election Day approaching , senior campaigners express regret that Palin turned out to be style without substance , with Schmidt bemoaning that they neglected to vet her competency . McCain consoles Schmidt by reaffirming that taking a risk with Palin was better than fading away . When Obama wins the election on Election Night , McCain and his advisers stop a rebellious Palin from giving a concession speech along with McCain 's , claiming it was unheard of for a vice-presidential candidate . The film returns to the 2010 interview as Schmidt answers Cooper 's question about whether he would pick Palin again if he had the chance to do it over . Schmidt replies that life does not give you do - overs .
Richard positive Dundee ; Mick negative Dundee ; Sue negative Mick <$> Sue Charlton , a feature writer for Newsday engaged to marry her editor , Richard , travels to Walkabout Creek , a small hamlet in the Northern Territory of Australia to meet Michael J. " Crocodile " Dundee , a bushman reported to have lost a leg to a Saltwater Crocodile . On arrival , she finds his leg is not missing , but has a large scar . At first Sue finds Dundee less legendary than she had been led to believe , being unimpressed by his uncouth behaviour and clumsy advances towards her ; however , she is later amazed when in the Outback , she witnesses " Mick " subduing a Wild Asian Water Buffalo , taking part in an Aboriginal tribal dance ceremony , killing snakes with his hands , and scaring tourists from their sport of shooting kangaroos . Offended by Mick 's assertion that she is incapable of surviving the Outback alone , Sue goes out alone to prove him wrong , but is attacked by a crocodile and rescued by Mick . She finds herself becoming attracted to him . Sue invites Mick to return with her to New York City on the pretext of continuing the feature story . There he is perplexed by New York behaviour and customs but is still able to overcome problematic situations including attempted robberies and two encounters with a pimp . When Richard proposes marriage to Sue at a dinner party , Mick is upset and decides to go ' walkabout ' around the USA ; but Sue , having refused Richard , follows him to a subway station . There , she can not reach him through the crowd on the platform , but has members of the crowd relay her message to him , whereupon he walks to her on the heads and raised hands of the jubilant crowd and embraces her .
Soyza positive Kanthi <$> The lead character Soyza , is currently a modest farmer who grows potatoes together with his housemates and Costa . The villain or the other housemate , Wadigapatuna is a Mudalali businessman who owns a shop in the village . Unlike Soyza , Don and Costa , Wadigapatuna is a selfish and a bad person . Soyza and Wadigapatuna fall in love with the eldest daughter of the owner of their rental home and fight against each other to win the heart of the girl Kanthi . The parents of the daughter in question , Kanthi prefer Wandigapatuna and the plot revolves around the many tricks Soyza and his colleuges play to win the heart of Kanthi . This involves dressing up don Sirisena as a pregnant women to accuse Wandigapatuna of producing a child out of wadlock with her . Movie culminates with a fight between Wandigapatuna and a nearby " strongman " who joins Soyza and the clique .
Manina positive her ; her positive David ; Rachmaninoff neutral Manina ; Manina neutral David <$> Marianne " Manina " Stuart , a prominent concert pianist , meets David Lawrence , a businessman , on a flight to New York from Rome . Their plane is diverted to Naples for engine repairs , and they decide to kill time by doing some sight - seeing . At lunch , a recording of the Kurt Weill / Maxwell Anderson song September Song , sung by Walter Huston , is playing . Manina is single , and David is unhappily married with a son in his late teens . They talk too long and miss their flight , and decide to stay on for a few days , getting to know each other . They quickly fall in love . Then they hear that the plane they were scheduled to catch has crashed into the ocean , and all on board are presumed dead . Due to a clerical mixup , they were believed to have been among those aboard . Their photos , along with the rest of the victims , are even published in a newspaper they pick up . Thinking their absences wo n't make any difference to the larger world , they decide to " stay dead " and begin a new life together in Naples . They make no contact with their families or friends , including Lawrence 's wife Catherine and son David Jr ( [ [ Robert Arthur . Manina had been originally intending to play Rachmaninoff 's Piano Concerto No. 2 in New York , and she keeps up her practice during the secret affair . She also has contact with piano teacher Maria Salvatini , who agrees not to reveal Manina is very much alive , but continues to tutor her . Catherine and her son travel to Naples to learn more of David 's fate , discover he is alive , and confront him . Manina goes on to perform the Rachmaninoff concerto as originally planned in New York . In the end , Manina breaks up with David , who returns to his wife and son .
Angie negative Sam <$> A new life is starting for Angie , who ’s leaving the embrace of her religious mother for college studies . She applies for a babysitting job after realizing she will need to find a job to support herself in college . She finds herself on a remote farm before the Stanton family and their adorable little boy , Sam . But Angie ’s first night of work might just be her last . Alone in the vast and sprawling house , anonymous phone calls begin to shatter her peace of mind . The calls soon turn into a face to face confrontation with a hulking beast of a man who breaks through the front door . Angie must fight for her life to protect herself and Sam . Angie then realizes that Sam is a born child of the devil , and the man who broke in was a priest that discovered the family 's horrible secret . Sam 's mother and father return home and they reveal they are just as evil , hiding their possessed child 's secret with a hat to hide his horns and feeding him babysitters they reel in , and Angie was one of the babysitters . They hold Angie hostage , and she manages to fight back for a while , and when the police arrive , she , with the help of an officer she called earlier , they kill the family , but Sam appears , kills the officer , and chases Angie into the barn where she seemingly defeats him as well . Angie wakes up in a hospital and the police inform her they did n't find a little boy , much to Angie 's horror . It is then shown that Sam is alive , now with another family , with the mother putting up flyers for a needed babysitter ; just another one to reel in ...
he positive his ; his positive Chubbs ; he positive Chubbs <$> Happy Gilmore is an aspiring ice hockey player who possesses a powerful and dangerous slapshot that his late father taught him as a child . However , Happy also possesses an overaggressive streak and lack of skating talent that consistently preclude him from joining a hockey team . His grandmother , who raised him after his father died , has not paid her taxes for many years . As such , she owes $ 270,000 to the IRS , and the house that Happy 's grandfather " built with his bare hands " is about to be seized . Gilmore has only 3 months to come up with the money or else the house will be sold . Grandma Gilmore is forced to temporarily move into a retirement home , run by a sadistic manager named Hal . While repossessing Grandma 's furniture , a pair of movers challenge Happy to hit golf balls . With his unorthodox , hockey slapshot - style swing , he hits the ball 400 yards three times , winning $ 40 as a result . This gives Happy the idea to go to the driving range to hustle golfers with his swing . When his progress is noticed by former golf star and current club pro Chubbs Peterson , whose pro golf career ended when his right hand was bitten off by an alligator , he convinces Happy to enter a local tournament by telling him he can make the money to buy back his grandmother 's house . Happy wins the tournament and earns a spot on the Pro Golf Tour . Chubbs advises Happy to hold off on joining the tour for six months , so that Chubbs can make him a better all - around golfer . Against Chubbs ' advice , Happy joins the tour immediately . On the tour , Happy makes an instant enemy of pretentious and arrogant star Shooter McGavin , who sees Happy as both a detriment to golf and a threat to his career . In addition , Happy discovers that although he has a powerful drive , his putting is terrible , and his violent outbursts and lack of golf etiquette eventually prompt Shooter to ask Doug Thompson , the commissioner of the tour , to expel Happy . But Happy 's antics are garnering the tour 's highest television ratings , increasing attendance and drawing more youthful sponsors , and Shooter 's request is denied . To help Happy cool down and start acting more professionally , tour PR head Virginia Venit is assigned to him by the tour . In addition to a romance forming between the two , Happy tells Virginia the truth of why he entered the tour and she agrees to keep it between them . Happy begins to develop a cooler head while continuing to improve in tournaments much to the chagrin of Shooter , who decides to take matters into his own hands and hire Donald , a mentally unbalanced fan , to heckle Happy at the next tournament , the Pepsi Pro-Am , a tournament where tour pros team up with celebrities . At the tournament , Happy is paired with Bob Barker , then host / executive producer of the long - running CBS Daytime game show , The Price Is Right . Donald immediately starts taunting and distracting him by calling Happy a jackass , taking Happy 's focus off his game so much that he plays terribly . Exasperated at Happy 's poor performance , Barker even begins heckling him before they break into a full - scale brawl . As a result , Happy is suspended from the tour and fined $ 25,000 . All is not lost as Happy secures an endorsement deal with Subway , which gives him enough money to buy back Grandma 's house and pay the fine . However , Happy discovers that the house is to be sold at an auction – something he did not know before . Despite bidding the entire sum of his endorsement deal , Happy is summarily outbid by Shooter , who has purchased the house to leverage a deal with Happy – he will let him have the house back in return for quitting the tour . As the house was his sole reason for entering , Happy immediately agrees , but is dissuaded by Virginia , who tells him that his Grandma would rather see him succeed at life than have the house , and that his true talent lies in golfing , not hockey . Happy then decides to make a bet with his rival based on the upcoming Tour Championship – if Happy places higher than Shooter , he gets the house back , but if Happy finishes behind Shooter he will leave the tour ; Shooter agrees . Although Virginia is confident Happy will win , Happy is not as sure and seeks the help of Chubbs . Happy finally admits his own mistakes and agrees to work with Chubbs . Together they head to a miniature golf course so Happy can improve his putting , which he does . Pleased with Happy 's progress , Chubbs gives his protege a modified putter , fashioned in the shape of a hockey stick , as a present to use for the tournament . In return , Happy presents Chubbs with the head of the alligator that took his hand . Horrified by the sight , Chubbs reels backward and falls out an open window to his death . Determined to win the tournament for Chubbs , Happy is evenly matched with Shooter after the first 2 rounds . Shooter is stunned that Happy has been keeping up with him , and by the end of the third day of the tournament , Happy is leading Shooter . In desperation , Shooter once again calls on Donald . The next day Shooter 's plan comes into action , as Donald hits Happy with a Volkswagen Beetle , which he proceeds to ram into a television tower at the 18th hole . An injured Happy refuses to forfeit the tournament , but quickly discovers that he has lost the ability to hit the long drive and drops from the lead by several shots heading into the final holes . However , after applying a lesson from Chubbs , and receiving an important morale boost from Grandma , he is able to refocus and ties Shooter going to the 18th hole . After Shooter makes his shot for par , the TV tower collapses and blocks Happy 's putt for birdie . Happy is forced to take his shot with the tower in the way , and uses what Chubbs taught him on the miniature golf course to make a trick shot to win The Tour Championship and the house . Afterwards , a hysterical Shooter attempts to steal Happy 's gold jacket , but is quickly beaten up by Happy 's old boss , Mr. Larson , and an angry mob of spectators . The film closes with Happy being congratulated by the two - handed ghost of Chubbs , Abraham Lincoln , and the alligator .
Kia negative Amael ; Kia negative Marc ; Amael negative Marc <$> The film is set in the village of Nomen Tuum , which has a well that can heal the sick and make a person more beautiful . Because of the latter , many conceited or corrupt individuals come to the village for this cosmetic effect . The village has notoriety for its magical water , as well as being a ground for darkness and demons . Along the village , succubi entice the tainted souls who come to Nomen Tuum and lead them to their deaths in order to offer their souls to Hell / the God of Darkness . A prominent young succubus named Kia loathes the routine of herding sinners to hell . Kia claims her powers are being wasted , and needs something / someone more stimulating as her prey . Her sister succubus , Amael , warns Kia of the danger that a pure soul will bring : love . Kia persists anyway and attempts to find a clergyman to seduce into darkness . After watching their behaviour however , she realizes these men are just as iniquitous and shrewd as her previous victims . She soon stumbles upon a suitable victim : Marc , a young soldier , who with his sister Arndis comes to the sacred water in order to heal his battle - wounds . Kia then continues to follow the siblings and pretends to be lost . After a brief eclipse , Kia convinces Marc to accompany her to the sea . During the eclipse , Arndis becomes blind from looking into the sky . Disoriented , she stumbles around in order to find Marc . Marc and Kia quickly become attracted to each other . Marc has a pure soul and will not have closer relations with Kia except if they are married . As Kia sleeps , Marc takes her to the village cathedral . Kia flees from the cathedral , bewildered by the sight of Christ and the saints . She is repulsed by both the Godly images and Marc 's pure love . His purity makes her ill . Amael and Kia meditate revenge on Marc for " defiling her " with an " act of love " . Amael summons an incubus that attempts to kill Marc and rapes and murders Arndis . As Marc prays for his sister he makes the sign of the cross and the lurking demons cringe in horror . Defending himself from the incubus ' attack , he appears to have killed him and Amael tells him he has the sin of murder on his hands . Kia follows Marc , who is dying , to the cathedral where she professes her love for him . The resurrected incubus intervenes and claims she belongs to the God of Darkness . Kia defies him and makes the sign of the cross , surprising even herself . A goat appears and wrestles her into the ground . After the struggle she claims , " I belong to the God of Light , " and crawls toward Marc , who immediately embraces her . The final scene shows the couple staring in disbelief at the boundary of the cathedral , with the goat gazing back at them .
Salma negative Zafar ; Salma negative Iqbal ; Zafar negative Iqbal <$> A wealthy , but evil man named Zafar Khan , has fallen in love with a girl named Salma and wants to marry her , but she and her father do not let him . Zafar is arrested for various crimes and is imprisoned for 10 years , but when he is discharged , he sees that Salma is married to a good man named Aslam Khan . Zafar Khan , wants to convince Salma to marry him but Salma refuses . Zafar plots his revenge by flooding the region in which Salma lives in , killing her father , injuring Aslam and Salma , causing her to lose her memory . During this catastrophe , Salma is also separated from her young son , Iqbal . Zafar abducts Salma and tells the world she is his wife . He also adopts an infant from an orphanage in Kanpur , a boy named Sunny , for Salma to raise on the advice of a psychiatrist . Meanwhile , Iqbal is reunited with his uncle , who has lost his wife and son in the flood . The uncle will raise Iqbal as his own , as they have no more family . Years pass , and Iqbal and his uncle work as coolies . Iqbal has grown up to a be a dashing , confident young man , and is considered the leader of the local coolies . He organizes a labor strike , which brings the station to its knees . Sunny , a young , budding reporter , is covering the story . While speaking to Sunny , Iqbal sees a picture of Sunny 's mother who turns out to be Salma . Iqbal rushes to Salma 's house to see her after all these years , but upon meeting her son , she has no recollection of him . Zafar is infuriated by Iqbal 's trespass and has his guards severely beat him , while he takes Salma to the psychiatrist to administer electric shocks on her so that her memory never returns . Iqbal and Sunny become friends , and both find love ; Iqbal with a Christian girl Julie D'Costa and Sunny with his childhood sweetheart , Deepa . Things are looking up , but the coolies uncover a banking and housing scandal against them . After a series of run - ins with the corrupt parties , Iqbal finds himself in a fight to the death with Zafar . Salma returns at a very pivotal scene in the film , with her old memories intact and she publicly testifies against Zafar and how he destroyed her family . In the crowd is an old man , who turns out to be Iqbal 's long - lost father . Also , Iqbal 's uncle recognizes a birthmark on Sunny , proving that Sunny was indeed the son he thought he had lost in the great flood . The family is reunited , much to the fury of Zafar . Iqbal is shot several times by Zafar , but he manages to throw Zafar off a building , killing him instantly . Coolies from all faiths pray hard for his recovery , and Iqbal recovers from his injuries .
Ingrid neutral Cobretti ; Ingrid negative Gonzales ; Cobretti negative Monte <$> Marion Cobretti , codenamed " Cobra " , is a police officer from a division of the Los Angeles Police Department known as the " Zombie Squad " . He is called into a hostage situation at a grocery store when negotiations fail . Cobretti kills the gunman , but before his death the criminal mumbles of a New Order : a group of Neo Fascists who believe in killing the weak and leaving only the strongest and themselves to live and rule the world . As the bodies are removed from the supermarket , Cobretti is admonished by Detective Monte ( [ [ Andrew Robinson for his seeming disregard for police procedures and protocols . At the time , what is not known is that the supermarket event is connected to a string of recent and seemingly unconnected acts of violence and murder that have broken loose in Los Angeles perpetrated by the same supremacist group mentioned by the supermarket gunman . After witnessing several individuals , including the Night Slasher ( [ [ Brian Thompson , who is the Order 's leader at the scene of one of the murders late at night , Ingrid Knudsen a model , becomes the target of the group because she was the only living witness to their crimes . After one attempt on her life , she is placed under the protective custody of Cobretti and his partner , Sergeant Tony Gonzales . After several attempts are made on their lives by various individuals , Cobretti theorizes that there is an army of killers operating with the same modus operandi , but his suggestion is rebuffed by his superiors . The LAPD decides it will be safest if they relocate from the city . Cobretti becomes romantically involved with Ingrid shortly after venturing out into the countryside , but one of the Order 's leaders reveals the location of their whereabouts ; despite Cobretti 's suspicions and mistrust of the officer , he does nothing and stays the night in a motel . The Order moves in at dawn and besieges the small town in which they are staying . With barely enough time to react , the attackers storm the motel room Cobretti is in with Ingrid , wounding Gonzales in the process . Killing several members but with more swarming into the town , Cobretti and Ingrid escape in a pickup truck . After the truck becomes severely damaged , the two travel on foot into a orange grove and escape into a nearby factory . Cobretti has most of the Order killed by this point , but there are still a few members who follow them into the building . After eliminating every member except for the Night Slasher , Cobretti and the leader ultimately engage in a deadly hand - to - hand duel inside the steel mill , ending with the Order 's leader being impaled in the back by a large roaming hook and burned alive by Cobretti . In the aftermath , Cobretti 's department arrives and begins clean - up of the town , giving medical aid to Gonzales ; the Order is eliminated . Detective Monte appears apologetic but confronts Cobretti again about his lack of regard to police protocols . Cobretti punches Monte , and the ending credits begin as Cobretti and Ingrid climb onto one of the motorcycles left by the Order and ride away .
Enzo positive Jacques ; Jacques negative Johana <$> The movie begins with Jacques Mayol and Enzo Molinari as children . They challenge each other to collect a coin on the sea floor and Jacques loses . Later Jacques ’ father goes diving in a reef , his breathing apparatus and rope gets caught in the rocks and Enzo and Jacques can do nothing but watch in horror as he is killed . The movie continues many years later where Enzo rescues a diver from a shipwreck . Later insurance broker Johana Baker visits Peru for work purposes and meets Dr. Laurence . There she is introduced to Jacques . She later returns to New York . Enzo then visits Jacques and asks him to enter the World Diving Championships in Taormina , Sicily . Learning about this , Johana convinces her boss to send her over there for work . She meets up with Jacques and the two fall in love . On the first dive attempt at the World Diving Championships , Jacques beats Enzo the current World Champion . Enzo offers Jacques and Johana a gift , a glass dolphin as well as a tape measure displaying the difference between Jacques ’ and Enzo ’s world records . Johana goes back home to New York and gets fired after her boss finds out she lied about issues with the insurance claim in Taormina . Johana then decides to leave New York to be with Jacques . At the World Diving Championships Enzo beats Jacques ’ record . Other divers then attempt to break Enzo ’s new record but all fail . Jacques then attempts his next dive and reaches 400ft breaking Enzo ’s world record . Angered by this , Enzo prepares to break Jacques ’ new world record . Dr. Laurence attempts to stop the dive stating that the pressure below 400ft is too great and will cut off oxygen in the body preventing the divers from reaching the surface again . Enzo attempts the dive anyway and is unable to make his way back to the surface . Jacques dives down to rescue him . Enzo tells Jacques that it is better down there , and urges Jacques to take him back down to 400ft . Jacques ’ refuses as Enzo dies in his arms . Honoring his dying wish , Jacques takes Enzo ’s body back down to 400ft and drops him to the ocean floor . Jacques is then rescued from the water and taken back to the boat where the doctors revive him . Jacques ’ is then placed in medical quarters and appears to be recovering from the diving accident . During this period Johana learns that she is pregnant with Jacques ’ child . Jacques then experiences a strange dream where the ceiling collapses and the room fills with water and then finds himself in the ocean surrounded by dolphins . Johana returns to check up on Jacques in the middle of the night . Jacques , awake in bed with bloody ears and a bloody nose Johana attempts to help him . In a trance - like state Jacques runs off to the diving boat and gets suited up for one final dive . Johana begs Jacques not to go , but he says he has to . Johana then tells Jacques that she is pregnant . The two embrace and Johana breaks down crying . Jacques then descends to 400ft and floats there for a brief moment staring into the darkness . A dolphin then appears and Jacques swims away with it into the darkness as the movie ends .
Ajith positive his <$> The movie talks about two friends who goes to the same college , Vijay and Ajith ( [ [ Dileep . They start out as enemies but ends up being friends . Vijay loves Geethu without knowning Ajith is her brother , which he later finds out . When Ajith tells Vijay about his past when his other sister eloped with his best friend , Vijay makes up his mind by sacrificing his love without hurting Ajith and their friendship.Later Geethu tried for a suicide attempt , Later through Kuttapppan , Ajith gets to know about Vijay being in love with Geethu . He becomes very happy getting know this matter and the fact that Vijay tried to sacrifice his love for their friendship .
Chrissy negative Corey <$> Corey Webster is an amateur skateboarder from out of town staying in Los Angeles with friends in hopes of competing and winning a downhill competition which he has been training for . During his stay in LA he falls in love with a beautiful blonde girl named Chrissy who just happens to be the younger sister of Hook , the leader of " The Daggers , " a tough punk rock skateboard gang in the Los Angeles / Venice Beach areas . Chrissy is not a Dagger herself but has come from her home in Indiana to stay with her brother in L.A. for the summer . Corey and his crew " The Ramp LOCALS ! " often have confrontations throughout the movie because of Cory 's disobedience to Hook when asked not to come around or call Chrissy again . Chrissy , however , can choose her own relationships and has the opposite interest . Corey , of course , being the hero , disobeys and is chased on skateboard through city streets and a parking garage by members of " The Daggers . " He barely escapes by boarding a bus and exiting through the back door and onto the roof while the rival gang members search the cabin of the bus . Through all of that memorable scene the Circle Jerks song " Wild In the Streets " is played , showcasing the connection between '80s hardcore punk rock and skateboarding culture . Upset at Corey , The Daggers find The Ramp LOCALS ' halfpipe and burn it to the ground , thus creating more drama between the two skate crews . Corey and Hook later meet up that night , after an earlier confrontation , at the " Dagger house " . The rivals joust in a remote location until Corey is injured and the police arrive . With Corey 's arm broken he is convinced he can not compete in the downhill , and places blame on Chrissy , who was n't there to assist him in his time of need ; she left with the Daggers as the police were arriving , but in protest reminds him that she had begged him not to engage in the duel in the first place . As Chrissy is driving away , Corey runs outside to try to make up with her , but she does n't hear him behind her . An emotionally upset Chrissy arrives back at the Daggers ' house , tells her brother she is going back to Indiana , and asks to be driven to the bus station in the morning ; she goes upstairs to pack . Later , Corey skates over to the Daggers ' house looking for Chrissy , but Hook 's girlfriend tells him that she has already taken Chrissy to the bus station , that she does n't have a phone number for Chrissy , and that Chrissy was very crying unconsolably when she returned . These are all lies ; Chrissy is still upstairs packing . Later that night , Chrissy and her brother have a heart to heart about his protectiveness of her as he drives her to the bus station , where she gets on the bus to Indiana . Meanwhile , Corey mopes around . He starts to miss Chrissy and begins to practice downhill skateboarding . With a broken arm he has to be very cautious and proves to not be able to perform as well . Chrissy , having second thoughts , exits her bus on the highway and hitch - hikes back to Los Angeles just in time to see Corey and Hook battle it out in the last turn of the downhill race . Hook flies over the side of the road and Corey speeds through the finish line at 63 mph off a ramp and into a crowd of fans who cheer him in victory . He is awarded a professional contract with Smash Skates and enough money to rebuild the destroyed ramp burnt by the Daggers . Hook tells Corey that he respects his skill and approves Corey 's relationship with Chrissy , seeing Corey as worthy and respectful , and apparently having taken his talk with Chrissy to heart . In respecting Corey , Hook , for the first time , is looked at as respectable as well .
Jaswant positive Vijay ; Vicky negative Jaswant ; Preeti positive Vicky ; Virender negative Pratap ; Pratap positive Vicky ; his negative Vicky ; Virender negative Vicky ; Vicky negative Shanti ; Virender positive Jaswant ; Pratap negative Raju ; Pratap positive Jaswant ; Pratap positive Vijay <$> Captain Vijay Malhotra attempts to defend himself when corrupt army officials , Pratap Singh , Virender Sinha , and Jaswant Dalal , intercept a truck - load of arms and ammunition , with the help of Virender 's brother , Baldev which they are about to sell illicitly to gangsters . Vijay Malhotra stops the trio of smugglers , but subsequently is shot to death by a mysterious man by the name of DK , who is the ringleader of the smugglers . The movie shifts to 20 years later where the Mumbai Police gets a fax from the Australian Interpol branch of one Jaswant Dalal , a wanted smuggler entering India . An operation to nab him alive is handed over to ACP Dinesh Kapoor , an old friend of the slain Vijay Malhotra . Dinesh Kapoor sends a copy of the fax to a mysterious man named Vicky and tells him to " prevent " Jaswant from being nabbed by the police . Vicky helps Jaswant escape from the police at the docks , but when Jaswant tries to kill him to erase any witnesses , Vicky shoots him instead . Vicky then escapes to Australia despite the police preventing it . In Sydney , Australia , Vicky meets Preeti , Pratap Singh 's daughter , and woos her while getting into trouble with Jojo , Baldev Sinha 's son and beats him up . Vicky and Preeti both fall in love . Pratap Singh and Virender Sinha are high - profile criminals in Australia . Once friends and partners in crime , they share a shaky relationship with one another . Vicky meets up with Pratap , who identifies him as Jaswant 's killer . Vicky promises Pratap Singh that he would make him more powerful than he would ever imagine . Jojo destroys Vicky 's apartment for his being beaten up . Vicky storms Baldev 's household , kills many of his men , and makes him cough up the money for the damage Jojo did to his apartment . Baldev reports this to his brother who orders Vicky killed . Baldev and Jojo take a sniper to kill Vicky who is receiving his mother at the airport . They discover his mother is none other than Virender 's estranged wife , Shanti . Convinced that Vicky is none other than Virender 's son , the assassination attempt is called off . Vicky is then welcomed into Virender 's gang . At a party thrown in Vicky 's honour , Pratap is stunned to learn Vicky among his rival 's ranks . Virender takes Vicky to a place where he keeps Pratap 's , Jaswant 's , and DK 's secrets in files . Vicky shoots Virender dead and dumps him into the bay where a shark eats him . He then dumps Pratap 's signature cigarette lighter at the crime scene . Vicky then goes through the stolen files and discovers who DK actually is . The police retrieve the lighter from Virender 's crime scene and hand it over to Vicky who urges his brother , Baldev to rally his men and launch an attack on Pratap . The squad is gunned down at a checkpost by Pratap 's men , save for Vicky , who was working with Pratap to get rid of Virender 's gang . Vicky then reveals to Pratap that he is not Virender 's son , and that he had fooled Shanti into believing he was her son , since she had lost her own . He also reveals that he was sent by DK to kill Jaswant , Virender , and Pratap , and that they should leave for India to kill DK to make Pratap the undisputed crime king . Meanwhile Preeti overhears Vicky 's conversation with her father and reveals it to Shanti . Shanti calmly acknowledges that she knows Vicky is not her son and that she helped him kill her husband , whose weapons had helped kill her own son , unbeknownst to him . She reveals that Vicky is Vijay Malhotra 's son , Raju and that it was Vijay Malhotra who was convicted of arms smuggling based on testimonies from Jaswant , Pratap , and Virender . His dead body was stripped of all medals and his wife , Geeta and son were ostracised by his community . The community even prevented his body from being cremated and leave it in a raging desert storm , where it is lost in the sands . Preeti , upon hearing this story , agrees to assist Raju / Vicky . Raju then calls ACP Dinesh Kapoor and reveals his plan of bringing Pratap to India and his knowledge of DK 's true identity . The ACP then sets Jaswant , who is revealed to be alive and have been helping provide Raju the information to finish off Virender 's gang , free . Raju arrives in India with Pratap and takes him to his village where his mother sits desolately in a temple at the village outskirts . He reveals to Pratap who he really is and proceeds to beat him . DK comes to rescue Pratap , and he is revealed to be none other than Jaswant . Soon Jaswant / DK 's men arrive and in the raging battle , Raju kills the men and maims Pratap and DK , makes them confess the truth , and then leaves them for the vultures to feed upon . His name cleared , Vijay Malhotra is given an honourable military burial , and his son and widowed wife watch .
Split neutral Spike ; Hydia negative Spike ; Megan negative Hydia <$> At their home , Dream Castle , the ponies are cantering through flowery meadows and grassy green fields with their animal friends . Elsewhere , Baby Lickety - Split is practicing a new dance step , as Spike accompanies her rehearsal on the piano . Meanwhile , at the Volcano of Doom , a wicked witch named Hydia and her two daughters , Reeka and Draggle , want to spoil the ponies ' fun . During the baby ponies ' dance performance , Lickety - Split attempts to add her own dance and ruins the whole performance . She is told off by everyone and runs away , followed by Spike , only to end up falling down a waterfall and trapped in a valley . The two witch sisters try to ruin the ponies ' festival , but thanks to the Sea Ponies , end up getting washed away in an overflowing waterfall . The little ponies send out a search party for Lickety - Split and Spike , while Hydia decides to make the Smooze , an unstoppable purple ooze that will bury and destroy everything in its path . It will also make anyone who is splashed by it grumpy and woeful . Her daughters go and collect the ingredients for the Smooze , leaving out the flume , an ingredient that they are afraid of . Hydia releases the Smooze which rages towards the Dream Castle . All the ponies are forced to evacuate as the castle and the surrounding land is submerged by Smooze . The search party continues its attempt to locate Lickety - Split before the Smooze engulfs them . Later , two pegasus ponies , Wind Whistler and North Star , travel to the human world to fetch Megan , the keeper of the Rainbow locket , bringing Megan 's younger siblings , Danny and Molly , along as well . Megan releases the Rainbow into the Smooze , but it is swallowed up and lost but this does halt the Smooze . Enraged , Hydia discovers the Smooze was lacking flume and sends her daughters to get the missing ingredient from an octopus - like plant monster that lives on a rocky outcrop near the volcano . The monster punishes the sisters , until Reeka bites a tentacle , thereby injuring the plant , and they escape with some flume . Hydia adds it to the Smooze which is reactivated . Megan accompanies two ponies on a visit to the Moochick , who gives the trio a new home and a map to find the Flutter Ponies who might stop the Smooze . A group led by Megan sets out to find Flutter Valley and Megan gets lost in a field of giant sunflowers , almost becoming a victim of the Smooze . They press on , through Shadow Forest . They find that the high narrow final pass into Flutter Valley is blocked by a giant spider and its web , and Megan is once more nearly in danger . When out of the canyon , the group finds Flutter Valley and meet with the queen who refuses to get involved at first , until baby Lickety Split arrives , safe and sound , along with a flutter pony who was rescued from a well . There is much argument about non-involvement in other ponies ' problems from the flutter ponies . Even though the Flutter Pony , called Morning Glory , who was rescued from the well pleads with their queen to help their " cousins " , Rosedust still hesitates , until after Baby Lickety - Split appears to sway her enough to aid in the defeat of the Smooze . The other ponies and forest animals are about to be covered by the Smooze as the witches watch from their hot - air balloon . The Flutter Ponies come to the rescue and destroy the Smooze with their magic , uncover the rainbow and drop the witches back into the volcano with the sticky goo . With all problems resolved , the Ponies take Megan and her siblings back home .
Romeo negative Juliet ; Romeo positive Mercutio ; Romeo negative Fulgencio ; Romeo negative Lawrence ; Fulgencio neutral Juliet ; Juliet negative Lawrence <$> In the fictional modern - day location " Verona Beach " , the Capulets and the Montagues are arch-rivals . < ref namehttp : / / www.independent.ie/lifestyle/education/shakespeare/from-stage-to-screen-1225784.html | titleWhitington | firstNovember 21 , 2007 | work5 March 2012 } } The animosity of the older generation — Fulgencio and Gloria Capulet and Ted and Caroline Montague — is felt by their younger relatives . A gunfight between the Montague boys led by Benvolio , Romeo 's cousin , and the Capulet boys led by Tybalt , Juliet 's cousin , creates chaos in the city . The Chief of Police , Captain Prince , reprimands the families , warning them that if such behavior continues , their lives " shall pay the forfeit of the peace " . The Montague boys meet their friend , Mercutio , who has tickets to the Capulet party . Romeo takes the Ecstasy pill Mercutio gave him and they proceed to the Capulet mansion . The effects of the drug and the party overwhelm Romeo , who goes to the restroom . While admiring an aquarium , he sees Juliet . Tybalt spots Romeo and vows to kill him for invading his family 's home , but Fulgencio stops him . Romeo and Juliet sneak into an elevator and kiss . The nurse spots them when the doors open and drags Juliet away , while revealing that Romeo is a Montague . At the same time , Romeo realizes Juliet is a Capulet . Mercutio takes Romeo from the party , but he sneaks back to the mansion , hiding under Juliet ’s balcony . Juliet emerges into the yard and proclaims her love for him before Romeo sneaks up behind her . Juliet is horrified that he risked death , but Romeo tells her he does not care whether he is caught . Knowing her nurse is looking for her , Juliet tells him that if he sends word by the following day , she will be his . Romeo visits Father Lawrence , telling him he wants to marry Juliet . He agrees to marry the pair in hopes that their marriage with help ease the tensions between the families . Romeo passes the word onto Juliet ’s nurse and the lovers are married . Tybalt encounters Mercutio just as Romeo arrives . Romeo attempts to make peace , but Tybalt assaults him . Mercutio intervenes and batters Tybalt , about to shoot Tybalt when Romeo stops him . Tybalt slashes Mercutio with a shard of glass . Mercutio , in denial , laughs it off as a mere " scratch " but he soon realizes that the cut is deeper than he thought . Angered over his pending death , Mercutio curses the warring houses . He storms off in anger only to die in Romeo 's arms a few moments later . Angry that Mercutio , neither a Capulet nor Montague , has been murdered , Romeo chases after a fleeing Tybalt and guns him down . Captain Prince banishes Romeo from the city . Romeo , hiding with Father Lawrence , claims he would rather die than be banished . Father Lawrence , in turn , sternly lectures Romeo about the fact that the end result of his actions could have been his death as opposed to banishment . Father Lawrence treats Romeo 's injuries and says that after some time passes ; he will help Romeo and Juliet return to the city and reconcile with their family and friends . The nurse tells Romeo that Juliet is waiting for him . At the Capulet mansion Juliet prays , horrified by what has happened . When Romeo climbs over her balcony , she kisses him . Fulgencio decides Juliet will marry Paris . The next morning , Romeo narrowly escapes as Juliet 's mother tells her she has been promised to Paris . She refuses to marry , so her father threatens to throw her out . Her mother and nurse insist it would be in her best interest to marry Paris . Juliet sees Father Lawrence , imploring him to help her and threatening to commit suicide . The priest proposes she fake death and be put in the Capulet vault to awaken 24 hours later . Romeo will be told of the plot , sneak into the vault , and once reunited the two can travel to Mantua . He gives her the poison necessary to make her seem dead . After saying goodnight to her mother , Juliet drinks the poison . She is found in the morning , declared dead and placed in the vault . Balthasar learns Juliet is dead and tells Romeo , who was not home when the messenger arrived to tell him of the plan . Romeo returns to Verona , where he buys poison . Father Lawrence learns that Romeo has no idea Juliet is alive . Romeo enters the church where Juliet lies . Juliet awakens as Romeo takes the poison . The two thus see each other before he dies . Juliet picks up Romeo 's gun and shoots herself in the head , dying instantly . The two lovers are discovered in each other 's arms . Prince condemns both families whose feuding led to such a tragedy and coroners are shown taking the two bodies away .
Shiori negative Kira ; Kira negative his ; her negative his ; Ryuk negative Kira <$> The series is about Light Yagami , a young man and college student whose life undergoes a drastic change when he discovers a mysterious notebook , known as the " Death Note " , lying on the ground . The Death Note 's instructions claim that if a person 's name is written within it while picturing that person 's face , that person shall die . Light is initially skeptical of the notebook 's authenticity , but after experimenting with it , he realizes that the Death Note is real . After meeting with the previous owner of the Death Note , a Shinigami named Ryuk , Light seeks to become " god of the new world " by passing his judgment on those he deems to be evil or who get in his way . After months of killing criminals , Light is dubbed Kira by the public and some believe him to be righteous about killing criminals . Interpol is no closer to catching him , and is going to pass the case on to the Ministry of Health as some disease , until L steps onto the scene . Known as the best detective in the world , L has solved many cases with his assistant Watari . Working with them , L manages to confront Light , live on TV , and deduces he is in the Kanto region of Japan and he can " kill without lifting a finger . " The race begins between L and Light to discover each other 's identity , and a game of cat and mouse ensues between the two geniuses . Later Misora kidnaps Shiori and asks Light to come to the art museum and confess that he really is Kira if he wants to save her . He goes to the museum , but denies that he is Kira , and begs for Shiori 's release . Misora tells Light that unless he kills her using her real name , which was " Naomi " written in katakana , she would kill Shiori . Light adamantly insists that he is not Kira . Soichiro , upon seeing this , sends the police . Misora immediately becomes upset and distracted , allowing Light 's girlfriend to break free and run away from her . Misora fires her gun and shoots Shiori , who dies in Light 's arms shortly afterward , and then afterwards commits suicide by shooting herself . Later , Ryuk finds that Light had actually engineered Naomi 's death using the Death Note , as he had already found out her name by checking with the church since she revealed to him she was Iwamatsu 's fiancée and he reasoned that nobody would use a fake name in marriage and written a scenario whereby Misora would commit suicide after shooting Shiori . Obviously , Ryuk is confused , as by doing this , Light would end up killing Shiori , but Light reveals that he had written her name in the Death Note as well . Using these events to foster hatred for Kira , Light asks to join the investigation team when his father checked on him . While Soichiro is slightly reluctant , L immediately grants his wish and it is hinted that he is still certain that Light is Kira . As a prequel to the second movie , Misa , an actress , is chased down an alley by a man wielding a knife , intent on killing her . As she screams for help , the man dies of a heart attack just like Kira 's victims . A second Death Note lands beside her . The movie starts with Misa , a TV presenter , getting a 2nd Death Note . Later Misa , using her Shinigami eyes , kills Mogi and two policemen . Sayu was also almost killed until her father Soichiro crashed into the festival wearing a motorcycle helmet . Light kills Takada to regain ownership of his Death Note . Afterwards Light tricks Rem into killing L and Watari . After they both die , Rem dies for intentionally killing someone to help Misa . Misa then gives up her ownership of the notebook and loses her memory of it . Later it is revealed that L did not die and avoided death by writing his name in the notebook stating , " L Lawliet will die 23 days from this date " . After proving that Light is Kira , Light pleads with Ryuk to kill L and the task force . Ryuk then agrees but writes Light 's name in the Death Note , telling Light that anyone who uses the death note is banned from heaven and hell and will instead spend eternity as nothingness . Light dies in his father 's arms begging him to believe he acted as Kira to carry out justice , which Soichiro had taught him since his childhood , into practice . Later Soichiro goes home and lies to his wife and daughter , saying that Light was killed by Kira . It ends 23 days later , with L dying peacefully .
Sleigh negative Dreyfus ; Langlois negative Chandra ; Simone neutral George ; Sleigh positive Gino ; Gino negative Dreyfus ; Chandra positive Dreyfus <$> While investigating the theft of the Pink Panther diamond during the previous film , Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau , , hailed as France 's greatest detective , disappeared at sea during a plane crash . His former superior , Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus , is pressured to oversee Operation Paragon and utilize Interpol 's fictitious Huxley Huxley 600 computer , Aldous to find the world 's greatest detective to solve the crime . What the world at large does not realise is that Clouseau was actually a bungling fool whose cases were solved more through luck than actual detective genius and that his accident - prone incompetence led Dreyfus to a series of nervous breakdowns . Anxious never to see or hear from his nemesis again , Dreyfus sabotages the computer to select the world 's worst detective . This turns out to be Sergeant Clifton Sleigh ( [ [ Ted Wass , an incompetent officer of the NYPD . Sleigh , who is descended from a long line of cops , sees the case as an opportunity to prove his worth . Dreyfus and his long - suffering assistant Sergeant François Durval soon find that the sabotage has worked a bit too well : Sleigh is just as clumsy as Clouseau , tripping and falling , causing havoc and driving Dreyfus crazy . When Sleigh meets Dreyfus for the first time in his office , Sleigh trips over his own feet and knocks Dreyfus into his wheeled office chair which rolls out onto the balcony and sends Dreyfus falling three stories into a pond below , breaking his left leg . Later as Dreyfus goes insane again and attempts to murder Sleigh , he keeps injuring himself , leading to him breaking most of his bones and ending up in a body cast . As he sets out on the case , Sergeant Sleigh encounters many people who prefer Clouseau dead . These include the inspector 's former manservant Cato ; Dreyfus , who attempts to kill Sleigh like he tried to kill Clouseau ; and Bruno Langlois , the mafia boss from Trail of the Pink Panther . Langlois orders several assassination attempts on Sleigh , but the detective 's bumbling nature allows him to survive . Ultimately , Langlois , along with his henchmen have a final showdown with Sleigh in a dark alley . Juleta Shayne , an employee of the enigmatic Countess Chandra comes to Sleigh 's rescue and manages to defeat Langlois and his thugs in street combat . Sleigh also meets Sir Charles Lytton who is now married to Clouseau 's former wife Simone and accompanied by his nephew George . Sir Charles was the notorious jewel thief known as the Phantom , though only Clouseau was convinced of this . The Phantom would steal items of jewellery and leave behind a monogrammed white glove . Eventually the trail leads Sleigh to a health spa run by Countess Chandra . There he meets famous British film star , who speaks with a rather odd French accent and falls about all over the place . Seeing a photograph of the Inspector , Countess Chandra tells Sleigh that Clouseau visited her several months ago , but claimed his name was Gino Rossi . She recalls he was looking for a good plastic surgeon and she recommended one . Sleigh concludes , wrongly , that Clouseau stole the Pink Panther diamond , underwent plastic surgery , and changed his name to Gino Rossi . The real jewel thief 's body was found washed up on shore after he was shot to death . It is believed that Clouseau was killed for the diamond . Anxious to be rid of Sleigh , Dreyfus announces that Sleigh has solved the mystery and officially closes the case , though it is clear that Dreyfus does not believe that this is what happened . In a final irony , as Dreyfus sets fire to Gino Rossi 's photograph , happy to be rid of Clouseau once and for all , he accidentally sets fire to his office . Sleigh runs in and attempts to put out the fire with a hose , only to accidentally hit Dreyfus with the water , the force of which pushes him onto his balcony and Dreyfus again falls three stories into the pond below . Film star Roger Moore was in fact Clouseau after very extensive plastic surgery . Clouseau has become Countess Chandra 's lover and partner in crime . When Clouseau and Chandra open her hidden wall safe to admire the Pink Panther , they discover they have been robbed and a white monogrammed glove has been left behind . " Swine Phantom ! " mutters Clouseau , knowing only too well who is responsible for the theft . In the final scene , Sir Charles , Simone , and George are sailing away on board their yacht , along with the Pink Panther jewel which Simone has stolen . In a post-credits scene , it shows the Pink Panther , in a cameo , stealing the Pink Panther jewel . Realizing it 's heavy , he loses his balance and falls out of the scene , and drops the jewel , offscreen , the sound of the jewel being smashed , can be heard in the background , then the credits roll .
Rachel neutral Mark <$> New York City food writer Rachel Samstat and Washington , D.C. political columnist Mark Forman meet at a mutual friend 's wedding and , after a whirlwind courtship , they marry , despite Rachel 's reservations . They purchase a dilapidated Georgetown townhouse in Washington and the ongoing and seemingly never - ending renovations create some stress in their relationship . Rachel , overjoyed to discover she is pregnant , is determined to make her marriage work and becomes a stay - at - home mom . When she discovers evidence of Mark 's extramarital affair with socialite Thelma Rice during her pregnancy with her second child , she leaves him and takes their daughter Annie to New York , where she moves in with her father and tries to jump start her career . Mark eventually convinces her to return home , but when it 's obvious his philandering will never end , Rachel leaves him for good .
Joanne negative Tyler ; Mia negative Keely ; Mia negative Billy ; Connor neutral Mia ; Mia neutral Dreamin ; Mia negative Keira ; Joanne negative Mia <$> Mia Williams is a volatile and socially isolated 15 - year - old . She lives on an East London council estate with her single mother , Joanne , and younger sister , Tyler , and is highly antagonistic toward both of them . Mia is a loner , appearing to have had a falling out with her best friend Keely . She provokes Keely 's other friends and head butts another girl when Mia criticizes their dance routine . Mia regularly practises hip - hop dance alone in a deserted flat . Near the estate , Mia comes across a skinny , tethered horse in a traveller encampment . She tries to free it , only to be caught , taunted , and assaulted by two young men , the horse 's owners . A third young man , Billy , the brother of the other two , is more sympathetic . He explains that the horse is ill and he befriends Mia . Joanne 's new boyfriend , Connor O'Reily , is a charming and handsome Irishman . He drives Joanne , Mia , and Tyler on a day - trip into the countryside . He is eager to get along with both of Joanne 's daughters . He introduces them to his favorite song , Bobby Womack 's version of " California Dreamin ' " , shows Mia how to catch a fish using noodling , and asks her to show off her dance moves . Although Mia is abrupt with Connor , she also appears to be intrigued by him . Later when Mia attends a shop to use the Internet , she watches a dance video . She sees the girls from earlier in the movie and angrily confronts them again . One night , she secretly watches him and her mother having sex . She then goes back to her room and slams the door several times . Mia finds a flyer for a club seeking dancers and Connor encourages Mia to apply . He lends her a video camera to record an audition tape . Mia sends in her tape and is invited by the club to perform in person . Late one night , after she and Connor have both been drinking , he asks to see her dance routine . She dances to " California Dreamin ' " . Connor then invites her to sit next to him , and the two end up having sex in the living room while Joanne is passed out drunk upstairs . Connor suggests that Mia has already had sex with Billy , and tells Mia to keep their liaison a secret . The following morning , Mia hears her mother crying : Tyler tells her that Connor has left . Mia tracks him down to his home in Chadwell St Mary and confronts him . He explains he can not see Joanne or Mia any more . He drives her to Tilbury Town railway station and gives her her fare home . Instead , Mia makes her way back to Connor 's house . It is unoccupied , so Mia sneaks in through an unlocked back window . She finds Connor 's camera in the living room and , watching his videos , discovers that he has a wife and young daughter , Keira . Shocked and upset , Mia urinates on the living room floor and then goes upstairs to wash her face . She hears Connor and his wife returning , and escapes by sneaking out of the back door . Back in the road in front of the house , Mia sees Keira riding her scooter . On impulse , she pressures Keira to go with her under the claim that Keira 's mother told Mia to take her for ice cream . They then go out into the fields and eventually reach the River Thames , where a suspicious Keira tries to escape . Mia catches her , but in the struggle Keira falls into the turbulent river water and disappears . She resurfaces after several seconds and Mia pulls her out , then takes her home as night falls . When they reach Connor 's house , Mia sends Keira to her house then sneaks away , but as she is walking back towards the train station , Connor 's car screeches to a halt beside her . Mia attempts to run away , but Connor chases her , catches up with her , and slaps her , knocking her to the ground . He then walks away and drives off without saying a word . The next day , Mia goes to her audition . It is immediately obvious that it is for erotic dancers : the other participants are all grown women wearing heavy makeup and provocative clothing . Mia takes the stage , but as the music starts , and before she has begun dancing , she walks off . Mia goes in search of Billy . When she arrives at his place , Billy tells her that the horse has died . Mia sinks to the ground , weeping . Billy says he is moving to Cardiff , Wales , and invites her to join him . Mia returns home to pack . In the living room , Joanne is in an almost trance - like state , dancing to Mia 's Nas CD . Mia tells Joanne that she is leaving . Before she goes , Mia , Joanne , and Tyler dance to " Life 's a Bitch " from the album Illmatic . Outside , Mia hugs Tyler goodbye and gets into Billy 's car , setting off for her new life in Wales .
Mathieu positive Cedric <$> Upper - middle class Mathieu , is spending his summer vacation on the French coast before beginning studies in the fall to become an architect . His mother is deeply depressed because of the death of his baby brother from cancer , and is cared for by her sister , while Mathieu and his moody younger sister can not get along . Then he meets Cedric at the beach , who is attractive and obviously looking for a boyfriend . The boys embark on a romance , and Mathieu 's sudden secrecy and long hours away from home invite the curiosity of both his sister and aunt . A parallel plotline focuses on Mathieu eighteen months later , as he recovers from the shock of their separation . After having tried to commit suicide , Mathieu 's psychiatrist sends him back to the small seaside town to learn how to deal with what happened . The film ends on a hopeful note when Mathieu looks up Pierre , another former boyfriend of Cedric 's living in the seaside town , and they overcome past tensions to discover that they understand each other .
Richard positive John ; Robin negative Gisbourne ; Robin positive John ; Marian positive Robin ; Eleanor neutral Robin ; Isaac neutral Robin <$> In not - so - merry - old - England during the 13th Century , the neurotic Prince John sits on the throne , supported by his evil henchman , Sir Guy of Gisbourne and constantly ridiculed by his mother , Eleanor of Aquitaine . While celebrating his birthday , the Prince becomes unhappy when he discovers his older brother , Richard , is not dead as everyone thought but rather being held for ransom in Austria . As Richard is the rightful King of England , this creates a problem for Prince John . However , Gisbourne openly suggests that they tax the Saxon peasants to raise the ransom , while secretly confiding in the Prince that the King will most likely die of pneumonia before the year is out and that they will keep the money . The birthday revels are interrupted by Robin Hood , disguised in drag and reciting an offensive poem . Not seeing through the disguise , Gisbourne demands she take them to Robin Hood 's hideout in Sherwood Forest . That night , Eleanor convinces Maid Marian to play up to Gisbourne 's advances and use him to help Robin Hood . When Prince John and Guy travel to Sherwood , they are ambushed by Robin Hood 's Merry Men . They are stripped of their garments , their possessions and money stolen , then driven out of the forest . Will Scarlet frequently tries to make a song out of these events , but thankfully Robin stops him every time . Eleanor and Marian sneak into the bandits ' camp at night , disguised as two nuns , and hoping to enlist Robin 's help in freeing King Richard . They are caught by Robin , who recognises them immediately , and the trio eat together and discuss plans . Robin and Marian realise they love each other . Robin and his band begin travelling across the country to raise the ransom money but nothing goes right . They try robbing a bank only to find that they have won a prize as the hundredth customer and get distracted . When they finally rob the bank , they find it only has three coins and a pfennig . Times are hard for everyone , it seems . Eventually , Robin has to report back to Eleanor that England is broke . She advises him to get the money from Isaac of York , a Jewish moneylender . In York , Robin stands out like a sore thumb amongst all the orthodox Jews . Isaac agrees to lend Robin the ransom money provided that in return the King gives the Jews their own country . Isaac suggests Palestine , although Miami would be his second choice . They settle on naming the new country after Isaac 's father , Israel . Robin sneaks into the Prince 's castle to tell Eleanor , who now insists he must raise an army . Robin then tries to seduce Marian , promising her they 'll be wed once King Richard returns , but with little success .
Vishwanathan positive Revathi ; Revathi negative Sudhakar ; Patel positive Reddy ; Patel negative Gowri <$> Vishwanathan , due to his passion for farming and agriculture , gave up his job in an MNC and has been settled in his village . One day he gets a call from Hyderabad that Revathi , his sister , who is studying medicine at a medical college has been missing for the past couple of days . Vishwanathan sets out to Hyderabad on the same day in a tourist bus . The bus , which is on a trip to Tirupati , is packed with a set of Tamil Brahmin pilgrims . Gowri ( [ [ Annie , a beautiful girl among them grabs his attention for her singing abilities . The next day morning , on reaching Hyderabad , Vishwanathan reaches the college , and from her friends comes to know that Revathi had received threats from one Sudhakar Reddy , son of an underworld don . Revathi , who had witnessed a murder committed by Sudhakar , had planned to appear at an identification parade at the police station . Sudhkar in fury , rapes her , and in an effort to save herself , she falls down from the top of a building and dies . Vishwanathan visits the nearby police station to file a complaint , but gets cold response from the local inspector . He even threatens to arrest Vishwanathan , if he decides to move ahead with the complaint . Vishwanathan , who goes crazy of anger , gets into a scuffle with Sudhakar , and kills him , which causes his father Reddy , who is now ruling the city , to hunt for Vishwanathan . He is saved by the rival mafia don Patel ( [ [ Devan . Vishwanathan is made to stay at a brothel run by Patel , where he meets Appu , a good hearted chap . At the brothel , he is shocked to see Gowri , with whom he had a crush on the bus on the road to Hyderabad . From Appu , he comes to know that she was trapped and kidnapped at Tirupathi and has been sold to Patel by a lady pimp . On meeting Vishwanathan , Gowri pleads him to save her . At night , she hits the local inspector with a liquor bottle , causing him injury . Vishwanathan decides to save her and is helped by Appu in finding a route outside . Appu introduces him to Jose ( [ [ Vijayaraghavan , a truck driver from Kerala and his sidekick Kunjahammed ( [ [ Augustine . But Appu is killed by the goons of Patel . Vishwanathan flees out from the brothel with Gowri and is followed by Patel and his goons . On other side , Reddy is also after him . Their chase turns more violent as they face several hardships on the path , including many local criminals . But Vishwanathan , after a bloody , long chase , succeeds in saving her by killing both Patel and Reddy .
Nihal positive Nisha <$> Nihal Singh is a teen from Chandigarh who loves to build complicated gadgets to learn what it is behind science . He has a brilliant mind and dreams of studying at an elite science institute . When he is accepted into his dream college in Mumbai , he discovers college is a whole new world , new people and new challenges . At school Nihal is attracted to Nisha , a proud , rude , college brat . She can not accept that Nihal is managing to charm everyone his way in college including Professor Siddarth Verma , the professor of the college . Nihal starts to get visions of Nisha being in danger . He saves her life and his secret is revealed that he can foresee the future . After this incident , love blossoms between Nihal and Nisha . Meanwhile , media exposure results in attention from anti-social elements . the professor will trick Nihal ... without his awareness he is working for the bad and soon will realize that his professor was using him . He is stopped , attacked , and even rescued by a Don several times , and also finds a helpful DJ who makes him realize that the professor was using him .
William positive Thomas ; William negative Alice ; William positive Jack ; Alice positive Thomas ; Thomas negative Bertie <$> Brothers Thomas Norton and William Norton are walking from Broken Hill to Melbourne , living on the road as swaggies and picking up odd jobs along the way . They are saving up money to start an angora rabbit fur trade when they arrive . The older brother Thomas is the driving force behind the journey , while William is a passive follower . However , their money is stolen by a fellow traveler called Bertie , who disappears quickly after . In searching for him , they discover a sick man on the road , Mr. Carmody and reluctantly decide to help him to the nearest town rather than keep looking for Bertie . Arriving at a small township called Riverton , they are immediately embraced by the sick man 's estranged family , including a young girl called Alice who takes a special interest in the younger brother , William . They find work at a local sheep station run by the kindly Robert Locchel . William forms a special bond with one of the worker 's at the station , Jack whose larrikan ways and outlook on life appeal to William immediately . Thomas soon becomes restless and wants to continue on the journey , especially when he sees his younger brother forming a romantic attachment to Alice . The brothers become increasingly distant and short - tempered with each other , which leads to a violent quarrel . Thomas leaves the sheep station and William decides to stay on as one of the workers . On the road , Thomas comes across Bertie in one of the towns and ambushes his camp one night , beating him severely and trying to recover their stolen money . He quickly discovers that Bertie has since spent it all and Thomas regrets the incident . he becomes increasingly more ill on the journey due the weather and lack of clean water . Meanwhile , William saves his friend Jack from a suicide attempt after he learned of the death of a former lover he got pregnant . William decides to restore his relationship with his brother and leaves Riverton . He reunites with Thomas on the road , but finds him wracked with fever . William does his best to get him help , but Thomas dies one night and William buries him in the bush . Grief - stricken , he returns to Riverton to be with Alice and his friends and start a life of his own .
Sandhya positive Rahul ; Raj positive Rahul <$> Rahul Tiwari is in love with Sandhya Patil &mdash; and has been for the last four years &mdash; and he has not had the courage to tell her . He follows her everywhere , waits until the public bus she uses , and then boards it . Sandhya is not even aware of Rahul , leave alone his affection for her . One day Rahul finds out where Sandhya lives , and he finds out that her father is police inspector Raj Patil " Raja " , a cruel , sadistic , drunk , and abusive man , whose wife Rachna and daughter live in fear , even when he is not around . Raj Patil has no respect for any human being , his superiors , his subordinates , nor members of the public to whom he is sworn to protect . When Raj finds out that Rahul is trying to enter the life of his daughter , he arrests him publicly , beats him up , and locks him in a cell in his police station . Rahul 's brother Dr. Kamlakar Tiwari arranges to get him out of the cell with the help of Raj 's superiors . Kamlakar hopes that this would have taught Rahul a lesson , but it has not , and Rahul continues to be obsessed with Sandhya , even though Sandhya has clearly told him and his college friend , Neha that she is only interested in pursuing her studies and not interested in Rahul at all . Raj tells his wife and daughter that they are to leave the city immediately and move to Hyderbad with his sister . Rahul finds out and he too leaves the city and goes to Hyderabad to seek Sandhya , not knowing these events are going to change his life and way of thinking forever .
Dark positive Magnus ; Snow positive Finn ; Hammond positive Finn ; Muir neutral Huntsman ; Muir negative Snow ; Huntsman negative Finn ; Hammond negative William ; William negative Huntsman ; Snow negative Huntsman ; Hammond negative Snow ; Hammond neutral Tabor <$> Snow White is the Princess of Tabor , daughter of King Magnus and Queen Eleanor . After his wife 's death , King Magnus marries the beautiful Ravenna after rescuing her from the Dark Army , an invading force of glass soldiers . Ravenna , who is in fact a powerful sorceress and the Dark Army 's master , kills Magnus on their wedding night after noting that men like him exploit the beauty of women and discard them . As Ravenna usurps control of the entire kingdom , Duke Hammond escapes the castle with his son William , but is unable to rescue Snow White , who is captured by Ravenna 's brother Finn . Snow White is then locked away in the north tower of the castle . Tabor is left in ruins under Ravenna 's rule as she periodically drains the youth from young women in order to maintain a spell once cast by her mother which allows her to keep her beauty . When Snow White comes of age , Ravenna learns from her Magic Mirror that Snow White is destined to destroy her unless Ravenna consumes the young girl 's heart , which will make her immortal . Ravenna orders Finn to bring her Snow White , but she escapes into the Dark Forest , where Ravenna has no power . Eric the Huntsman , a widower who has survived the Dark Forest , is brought to Ravenna , who orders him to lead Finn in pursuit of Snow White . In exchange , she promises to revive his deceased wife , Sarah . Duke Hammond learns that Snow White is alive and has fled into the Dark Forest . William , Snow White 's childhood friend , later infiltrates Finn 's band as a bowman to find her . The Huntsman tracks down Snow White in the Dark Forest but refuses to hand her over until he knows Ravenna will keep her word . When Finn admits that Ravenna can not resurrect the dead , the Huntsman helps Snow White to escape , promising to escort her to Duke Hammond 's castle in exchange for a reward of gold . The two leave the Dark Forest , escape the troll and pass through a fishing village where all the women have disfigured themselves in order to escape Ravenna , and where he learns Snow White 's true identity . He then leaves her in the care of the women but returns when he sees the village being burned down by Finn 's men . Snow White and the Huntsman eventually meet a band of dwarves &mdash; Beith , Muir , Quert , Coll , Duir , Gort , Nion , and Gus . Muir discovers that Snow White is the only person who can defeat Ravenna and end her reign . As they travel through a fairy sanctuary , the group is attacked by Finn 's men , resulting in Gus ' death . The Huntsman kills Finn after learning he abetted in the murder of his wife . William reveals himself and helps defeat the soldiers before joining the others in their journey to Hammond 's castle . Ravenna disguises herself as William and tempts Snow White into eating a poisoned apple , but is forced to flee when the Huntsman and William discover her . William kisses Snow White &mdash; whom he believes to be dead &mdash; without seeing that she has shed a solitary tear . She is taken to Hammond 's castle . As she lies in repose , the Huntsman professes his regret for not saving Snow White , who reminds him of his wife , and kisses her , breaking the spell ; she awakens after a second tear has fallen . Snow White then takes command of the Duke 's army and leads them into battle against Ravenna . The Dwarves infiltrate Tabor through the sewers and open the gates , which allows the Duke 's army to invade the castle . Snow White confronts Ravenna , but is overpowered . Ravenna is about to kill Snow White and consume her heart when Snow White stabs her in the heart instead , causing Ravenna to wither and die . Hammond 's army is victorious , and Snow White is crowned Queen of the restored kingdom .
Frank negative Chan ; Wong neutral Chan ; Joe negative Chan ; Joe negative Frank ; Sa neutral Frank <$> { { Plot } } The film begins with police Inspector Chan Kwok - wing drinking one whiskey after another . Later , he collapses in an alley , and is found by a stranger , played by Nicholas Tse . The timeline then moves back a year , to show the heroics of Inspector Chan , as he disguises himself as a news cameraman in order to subdue a man holding a woman hostage in Central . Soon after that incident , a group of rebellious youths rob a bank . They explicitly ask a bank worker to call the police , and are confronted by the police outside the Legislative Council building . They play a sadistic game , in which they are awarded money for shooting police officers with assault rifles , before making their escape . Inspector Chan and his squad are called to arrest the gang after their hideout is revealed . However , the hideout is rigged and the ten man police squad fall into various traps one by one . Chan then finds his men in a large warehouse , suspended from the high ceiling by ropes . The gang challenges him to training regimes that are taught to policemen , betting lives of his men each time . Under mental pressure and the taunts of the gang , Chan loses and is left with only his would - be brother - in - law to save , who soon dies nevertheless . He tries to save the bodies of his comrades for burial before explosives blow up the building . Being the sole survivor of the incident , Chan takes a year long leave from the police force , drinking heavily to drown his sorrows and guilt . The timeline jumps back to the present day . The stranger , who first featured at the start , brings him home . When Chan wakes up , the man identifies himself as PC 1667 , Frank Cheng , his new partner . Frank tries various means to convince Chan to cancel his leave and take up the case but Chan refuses . However , he comes to his senses eventually by apprehending the same two youths that robbed him . At the police station , Frank tells Chan that he is Kwong 's younger brother , which convinces Chan to relook into the case . Frank and Chan convinces Sam Wong , a former colleague of Chan , to reveal a clue from the night of the first robbery ; a watch which he snatched from one of the robbers . Chan and Frank are tailed by the police as they go in search of the owner of the watch . Sam Wong was also arrested by the police to assist in the investigation . Sam Wong is shot dead by another gang member , Fire , before he manages to identify the robber . Before dying , Wong confesses to Chan that he was blackmailed by the gang into revealing their rigged hideout to Chan 's team a year ago , due to the bag of money he took from Sue to pay off his debts . Fire and Sue both manage to escape the building , with Chan and Frank pursuing Fire . To distract Chan , Fire shoots at a bus driver , killing him instantly and rendering the bus full of school kids out of control . Chan quickly jumps onto the roof of the bus in an attempt to stop it . After the careening bus has caused a great deal of havoc , Chan finally manages to climb in and hit the brakes , halting it from falling into Victoria Harbour , while Frank rams a truck full of rubber ducks in front of the bus ' path . After the incident , Chan discovers that Frank is not really a policeman , and confronts him . Frank attempts to explain to Chan , but Chan refuses to believe the story . Regardless , they stay together to continue to track the gang leader , Joe . They are informed by Officer Sa Sa that the gang members all come from rich families and the gang leader is actually the son of the police chief . Sue and Fire return to the gang 's new hideout . Sue is badly wounded , after being shot by Frank earlier . Seeing her injury , Joe shoots and kills her . Joe 's gang access Chan 's police file on a computer , with Joe bent on taking revenge . Joe then arranges to meet Chan 's girlfriend , Ho Yee , in the police station . He wraps a time bomb around her neck before leaving . When Chan learns of the bomb he desperately tries to free her . Ho Yee cuts the wires , with no effect , leading the police to believe that it is a fake . But when the two get ready to leave , a small wire attached to Ho Yee 's back pulls out the secondary trigger , causing the bomb to explode . Before she can escape , it explodes and some falling pipes land on her , knocking her into a coma . Unfortunately for Chan , he is charged with assisting the impersonation of an officer and for acting as an officer while under suspension . After Chan and Frank are taunted by Joe 's gang , Sa Sa and her father , the jailer , release both of them illegally . The two sneak out of the police station , with everyone deliberately ignoring their escape . Police Chief Wong even makes his handgun available to Chan and tells Chan to ' bring it back when you 're done ' . Chan , Frank , and Sa Sa then go to a computer cafe to find teens playing the game up until they complete the most recent level to find out the gang 's next target is the Bank of Hong Kong , located in the New Wing of the Convention and Exhibition Centre . A squad of police officers arrive , but this time Chan stops them from rushing in , assigning them the task of calmly escorting the public out of the building . Once the public are moved to safety , the gang members ' parents are sent in , much to their surprise . One of the gang members , Max , is so ashamed of himself that he attempts to run down the escalators to his parents , only to be shot dead by Joe . Afterwards , Chan and Frank run up to engage the three remaining gang members . Frank manages to shoot Fire in the leg with his own gun , disabling him . Chan chases another gang member , Tin Tin , into a Lego exhibition . When the exhibition hall is emptied , Chan reminds him that they had struck a draw the last time they fought . The two engage in hand - to - hand combat , with Chan defeating Tin Tin . Joe then chases Frank into the hall and shoots at him . In the crossfire , Tin Tin is shot in the chest . Joe manages to chase Frank out of the room just moments before the Special Duties Unit of the police arrive . Tin Tin grabs a gun from the floor and points it at Chan 's back . Chan , oblivious to what 's happening behind him , calls out to the squad to bring in a medic for the Tin Tin . Contemplating what he has done and how Chan is helping him , Tin Tin decides not to shoot Chan . Chan finds Joe on the roof of the Convention Centre . Having captured and tied up Frank , Joe threatens to throw him to his death . Joe challenges Chan to a race to assemble a semi automatic pistol , a rematch of an earlier challenge , and wagering Frank 's life in the process . This time , Chan chambers the bullet first thus swiftly wins the game , much to Joe 's disbelief . A number of policemen arrive on the roof , along with Joe 's father , the police chief . Joe 's father reprimands him , while Chan tells Joe that he knows that he does n't hate cops , he merely hates his father for berating him . Due to what Chan and his father have said , Joe finally admits defeat and deliberately unloads the single bullet in his gun and aims the empty gun at Chan for the police to have a cause to kill Joe . Not knowing that Joe 's gun is empty , a police sniper then fires a round at him , injuring Joe in the process . He weeps and again aims at his father , causing the sniper to fire once more , killing him despite Chan 's yelling that the gun was empty . Chan rushes to rescue Frank and both of them fall off the building . They eventually land onto a fireman 's inflated cushion . In the hospital , Ho Yee has recovered and prepares to leave . She is met by several policemen and nurses who persuade her to accept Chan 's marriage proposal . At first , she tries to hide her facial scars from Chan , but eventually accepts the proposal to the crowd 's applause . Meanwhile , Frank is led away by Officer Sa Sa . He leaves his jacket on a railing . When Chan looks at the jacket , he suddenly recalls meeting Frank before , and has a flashback to an event from years ago : a homeless man from the mainland arrives without much money , and his son is starving . He tries to steal some food for his son from a 7 - Eleven store . While running across the road to escape from the shopkeeper and the police , he is knocked down by a truck and killed . Chan arrives at the scene and uses his jacket to cover the body of the boy 's father . Chan then buys the boy a loaf of bread . He comforts him , saying that the best thing do is to try to forget the past and look forward to the future . He asks the boy for his name , to which the boy replies , " Frank Cheng " .
Adrian negative Jack ; Adrian negative Claudia ; Jack negative Claudia <$> Adrian LeDuc is the owner of a revival house in Buenos Aires . Adrian is emotionally repressed , prone to suspicion and paranoia , devoted to old movies and to his mother , who resides in a nursing home , suffering from dementia . Adrian visits her frequently , holding conversations which as her illness progresses become increasingly one - sided . Adrian is a tenant in a rundown apartment building ; he lives in apartment 10 , although the 1 is missing from his door . Apart from his mother , the core of his emotional life is movies -- specifically classic American movies and stars . Apartment Zero opens with a shot of Adrian in his theater , watching the final scene of Touch of Evil . As his theater , Cine York , loses more and more money , Adrian advertises for a roommate to share his apartment . After several unsatisfactory applicants he meets the handsome , charming , and macho American Jack Carney . Adrian is clearly attracted to Jack and Jack is clearly aware of it . Jack agrees to take the room . They quickly settle into a domestic routine , with Adrian taking over laundry and cooking duties for Jack and Jack joining Adrian for films at his cinema . They also begin to bond emotionally . In contrast to Adrian 's standoffishness , Jack establishes relationships with several of the neighbors , a rather odd bunch . Adrian , upset and jealous , lashes out at Jack , telling him that the neighbors are n't to be trusted . Despite Adrian 's jealousy Jack continues to socialize with several of them , including becoming sexually involved with a female neighbor . Claudia , the ticket seller at Adrian 's cinema , is involved with a political committee that 's investigating a series of murders that bear a striking resemblance to those committed by members of death squads that operated in Argentina dating back to the 1970s . Adrian learns that Jack has been lying about being employed with a local computer company and becomes paranoid that Jack is spying on him but at the same time terrified that Jack will leave him . He searches Jack 's room and finds a number of photographs of Jack in paramilitary garb . When Jack returns , a highly agitated Adrian begs him , " If that 's a mask , either take it off now or leave it on forever . " Jack calms him but his own suspicions are aroused when he realizes that Adrian 's been in his room . Despite being himself apolitical , Adrian allows Claudia 's committee to use his theatre to view footage of death squad members . Adrian watches some of it and is horrified to see the same sign in the film as appeared in some of the photos of Jack he 'd found earlier . Jack , realizing that Adrian is growing more suspicious , falsifies Adrian 's passport and prepares to leave Argentina . Unfortunately for him , the passport is expired and he ca n't leave . Jack picks up a gay man at the airport and goes to a hotel with him , where he murders him for his passport -- but then makes a hash of trying to paste his own photos into the dead man 's passport . Meanwhile , Adrian is devastated by the death of his mother . Claudia spots Jack in a death squad photo . He 's identified as " Michael Weller " and listed as dead , but was identified only by his papers and a ring . Adrian gets drunk and creates a disturbance in his apartment , concerning his neighbors . The following morning a television report of the murder of a young man ironically leads the neighbors to think that Adrian has done something to Jack . That evening , the neighbors confront Adrian , forcing their way into his apartment and physically attacking him . Jack -- unsuccessful in solving his passport problem -- returns just then and soothes and tends to the badly injured Adrian . As Adrian attends his mother 's funeral , Claudia comes to the apartment and recognizes Jack . Adrian returns to find Claudia dead at Jack 's hands . Jack tries to charm him , telling him " let me clean up and I 'll put the mask back on , OK ? " A clearly unhinged Adrian , as terrified of losing Jack as he is horrified by the murder , helps Jack dispose of the body . On the way out they run into one of the neighbors and Jack says he 's leaving for California in the morning . After they dump the body , Adrian suggests they really go to California together and Jack enthusiastically agrees . Back at the apartment Adrian changes his mind and goes for Jack 's gun in the living room . Jack comes out of his room and Adrian runs back toward his . Jack realizes what 's happening and they both go for the gun . Jack gets the upper hand and begins strangling Adrian , but ca n't go through with it and lets him up . Adrian again goes for the gun and he and Jack struggle again . With the gun pointed at him and with Adrian 's finger on the trigger , Jack says " Do it " and the gun goes off . Some days after , Adrian is having dinner when a neighbor comes to the door seeking Jack 's address in California . Adrian says he has n't heard from him and shuts the door . He returns to the table and pours two glasses of wine , one for himself and one for Jack 's corpse , which he has kept and sat at the table . The final scene shows Adrian 's cinema , with a fairly large crowd -- all men -- pouring out -- apparently the lean days are over . That 's because the cinema is now a porn theater . And we see Adrian , who has never throughout the film gone out in public without a suit and tie , leaving the building wearing a tee - shirt and Jack 's black leather jacket , smoking a cigarette -- all just as Jack used to do .
Mills negative Tracy ; Mills negative Doe <$> In an unidentified city of near - constant rain and urban decay , the soon - to - be retiring Detective William R. Somerset is partnered with short - tempered Detective David Mills who recently transferred to the department . The detectives investigate a series of murders relating to the seven deadly sins , such as an obese man who was forced to feed himself to death , representing " Gluttony . " They find clues at each crime scene related to other deaths , and believe they are chasing a serial killer . A set of fingerprints found at the scene of the " Greed " murder , the fatal bloodletting of a rich attorney , leads them to an apartment where they find an emaciated man strapped to a bed . Though he initially appears to be dead , it soon is discovered that the man has been kept alive and entirely immobile by the killer for exactly one year to the day ; a drug dealer and child molester before his captivity , this victim represents " Sloth " , and dies soon after from shock . Though unable to learn anything from the insensate victim , the detectives agree that the killer has planned these crimes for more than a year . Somerset is eventually invited to meet Mills ' wife , Tracy , who is unhappy with Mills ' recent move to the city . Somerset becomes Tracy 's confidante , and she meets with him after the first few murders . Upon learning that she is pregnant but has not told her husband , Somerset confides in her his fear that the city is no place to start a family , and reveals that he had ended a relationship years earlier after pressuring his girlfriend to have an abortion . Somerset advises her to not tell Mills if she plans to have an abortion ; otherwise , if she decides to keep the child , " spoil that kid every chance you get " . Using library records , Somerset and Mills track down a man named John Doe , who has frequently checked out books related to the deadly sins . When Doe finds the detectives approaching his apartment , he opens fire on them and flees , chased by Mills . Eventually , Doe gains the upper hand and holds Mills at gunpoint , but then abruptly leaves . Investigation of Doe 's apartment finds handwritten volumes of his irrational judgments and clues leading to another potential victim , but no fingerprints . They arrive too late to find their " Lust " victim , a prostitute killed by an unwilling man wearing a bladed S&M device , forced by Doe to simultaneously rape and kill her . Some time later , they investigate the death of a young model whose face had been mutilated . Having chosen to kill herself rather than live with a disfigured face , she is the victim of " Pride " . As they return to the police station , Doe appears to them and offers himself for arrest , with the blood of the model and an unidentified victim on his hands . They find out that he has been cutting the skin off his fingers to avoid leaving fingerprints . Through his lawyer , Doe claims he will lead the two detectives to the last two bodies and confess to the crimes , or otherwise will plead insanity . Though Somerset is worried , Mills agrees to the demand . Doe directs the two detectives to a remote desert area far from the city ; along the way , he claims that God told him to punish the wicked and reveal the world for the awful place that it is . He also makes cryptic comments toward Mills . After arriving at the location , a delivery van approaches ; Somerset intercepts the driver , leaving Mills and Doe alone . The driver hands over a package he was instructed to deliver at precisely this time and location . While Mills holds Doe at gunpoint , Doe mentions how much he admires him , but does not say why . Somerset opens the package and recoils in horror at the sight of the contents . He races back to warn Mills not to listen to Doe , but the killer reveals that the box contains Tracy 's head . Doe claims to represent the sin of " Envy " ; he was jealous of Mills ' normal life , and killed Tracy after failing to " play husband " with her . He then taunts the distraught Mills with the knowledge that Tracy was pregnant . Somerset is unable to contain Mills as he unloads his gun into Doe , becoming the embodiment of " Wrath " . After a catatonic Mills is taken away , Somerset is asked where he will be ; he replies , " around " . With the sun setting over the desert , Somerset quotes Ernest Hemingway 's For Whom the Bell Tolls : { { " ' } } The world is a fine place and worth fighting for . ' I agree with the second part . "
Aarti neutral his <$> Ravi Varma loses his parents in childhood and wife Rajni in an accident . He keeps himself immersed in business . His family physician advises him to take a holiday for rest . He happens to meet Aarti Mathur and both are attracted to each other . Ravi is unable to express his love and attraction for Aarti . On the other hand , Aarti is unsure of Ravi 's intentions and his feelings for her . Soon Aarti 's marriage is arranged . Ravi must decide to speak out his feelings or observe silence to let Aarti 's marriage as arranged . Further turn of events and his relation with Aarti is shown in the remaining part of the film .
her negative Doreen ; her negative Annetta ; her positive Eddie <$> Two girls escape from an open borstal . Annetta wants to visit her baby daughter who is being raised in a convent . Carol plans to be recaptured and sent to the closed borstal where her girlfriend Doreen is being held . Carol 's plan works , but she is devastated to find that Doreen has a new girlfriend . Doreen and the girlfriend taunt Carol . Annetta is arrested at the convent and sent to the same closed borstal . She assumes Carol " grassed " her up and proceeds to plan her revenge . Inmate Eddie professes her love for Carol and offers protection , so Carol begins a relationship with her . Annetta 's constant bullying attempts keep her in solitary confinement . When Eddie is released Carol loses her protection and Annetta plans another attack . Written by Roy Minton .
Daphne positive he <$> In present day New York City , Charlie meets the girl of his dreams , Daphne , but he never expected he 'd have to battle past her pet dog " Babydoll " to woo her . Just when it seems he ca n't beat the beast and all is lost , something unexpected happens : Charlie begins to fall in love with the dog himself , realizing he never really needed a girlfriend in the first place . Now , in order to keep hanging out with " man 's best friend " , Charlie must scramble to keep the relationship with Daphne going at all costs - or risk losing them both .
Andrea positive Pam ; William positive Pam ; Andrea positive William ; William neutral Abby ; Charlotte neutral Alice ; Andrea positive Ben ; Chris negative Andrea ; Jillian neutral Andrea ; William neutral Alice ; Nick positive Alice ; Nick positive William ; Jillian neutral William <$> In a prologue , socialite Charlotte Cartwright hosts the wedding of her best friend Alice Evans ' daughter Andrea , who is marrying ambitious construction worker Chris Bennett . The couple is congratulated by Charlotte 's son William and his wife Jillian , who deprived Charlotte of planning an elaborate reception for them by eloping . William suggests the newlyweds contact him for employment with the Cartwright family 's highly successful Atlanta construction company after they return from their honeymoon . Four years later , Ben , is married to Andrea 's sister Pam . Pam looks after Andrea 's three - year - old son for extra income while working at her mother 's diner . It troubles her that Andrea does n't do more to help their mother financially when her designer clothes and new Mercedes make it clear she is prospering . What Pam does n't realize is her sister is involved in an extramarital affair with William and enjoying all the perks that come with the relationship . Chris has dreams of opening his own construction firm with Ben , but Andrea - who clearly now thinks she 's much better than her husband because of her success - ridicules him and his aspirations . He and Ben apply for a loan at the bank and are declined , but he accidentally discovers his wife has nearly $ 300,000 on deposit in a secret account . When Andrea returns home late one night to find Chris sorting through financial records she had hidden , she claims the money is an accumulation of bonuses she received from William and insists she has the right to keep some things private from her spouse . Telling him he never will be as charming and successful as William , she refuses to finance his dream . William is determined to wrest control of the company from Charlotte , and is certain the $ 500 million deal he recently has closed will prove he 's capable of running the firm . Instead , his mother hires Abby Dexter as COO . She determines the company will have to front $ 25 million to make William 's new deal viable , and the only way to raise the money is for Charlotte to sell 10 % of her shares , thus leaving her with a minority vote . William reminds Abby his vote combined with his mother 's will give the Cartwrights continued control , and she advises Charlotte to sell her shares . Charlotte suggests she and Alice take a road trip in the vintage turquoise Cadillac convertible she has purchased . Alice initially declines but eventually agrees , and the two women head west , following neither a set route nor timetable . Rambunctiously adventurous Charlotte introduces Alice to honky tonks and strip clubs with male dancers , while religiously strait - laced Alice reciprocates by bringing Charlotte to a communal baptism so her soul can be saved . Late one night , when Charlotte becomes unduly stressed while trying to deal with her digital camera , she reveals she has been diagnosed with early - onset Alzheimer 's disease and has been told there is nothing that can be done to slow the process of her mental decline . Meanwhile both Jillian and Abby become aware of Andrea and William 's affair . Although Jillian makes a flippant remark to Chris that Andrea is with her husband , he is oblivious . William then fires both Chris and Ben after being approached for investment money to start a separate construction business on their own . Abby then fires Andrea , who has been told by Jillian to stay away from her husband William . Charlotte and Alice return to Atlanta , where Andrea confronts and gets mad at Chris for depositing her $ 300,000 into a business account , the majority of which has already been distributed . She says that he is tired of him and that he and Ben will never be like William . Ben remarks that nobody is trying to be like him and that she ca n't see that because of the affair . Chris pulls Andrea aside and she tells him the money came from William and that he is her man . Chris , furious , slaps Andrea and she falls over the counter . He arguably says that she thinks that he was crazy . She says keep the money and throws some money in his face and says to get some boxes and get his stuff . Chris could n't believe that after 5 years they have been married , she would talk to him like that . He wonders about their son and Andrea says that William is the father . Meanwhile , William is plotting a takeover of the family firm . Although she and her mother - in - law never have been close , Jillian warns Charlotte about her son 's plan . Charlotte then calls a board meeting and fires William from the company , telling him she has the support of the Calvary Company ; until now a silent investor that turns out to be Alice , who for years has been given financial guidance by Nick Blanchett , a homeless man she frequently fed and cared for at her diner . Nick 's story behind his homelessness is explained earlier by Alice to her daughter Pam while at the diner . Alice explains to her that Nick had at one point been a frequent customer of Alice 's who would leave her " big tips " and loved her coffee . One day Nick lost his job and not long afterward , his wife died and Nick then lost custody of his children . In an assumed severe untreated depression , Nick now lived " wherever " . Nick still came into the diner on a regular basis and would repay Alice for her kindness by giving her secretly solid financial investment advice . It is later revealed that the job Nick lost had been working for William , who fired Nick without cause . William 's downfall allows Nick to find some comfort as well as satisfaction / vindication . In the parking lot , William is approached by Andrea who , unaware of the recent turn of events , expects him to back her in her battle with Abby and leave Jillian to marry her . Instead , he tells her their affair is over and drives away , despite her claim that her son is his . Alice later receives a call from Charlotte , when she tells her that she is dying of a deadly combination of pills , which causes Alice to have an emotionial breakdown & as she questions " are you living or existing ? " Alice makes a eulogy at her funeral , which becomes a song as the movie ends with Chris leaves Andrea and Andrea moves into a small apartment with their son , whose paternity is left unresolved , Chris gives her some money then leaves her at the doorstep . However , Chris is now successful and wealthier while Andrea is poor in an ironic twist . Chris and Ben open their own firm , Nick is wealthy and buys a house of his own , and Alice decides to sell the diner . Getting into the car Charlotte left her , she resolves to stop procrastinating and enjoy life while she can and , with a photo of the two friends taped to the dashboard , she heads north .
Wonderboy neutral Roy ; Hobbs negative Byrd ; Hobbs negative Roy ; Gus positive Roy ; Iris positive Roy ; Hobbs neutral Iris ; Hobbs negative Gus ; Pirates neutral Fowler ; Hobbs neutral Fowler ; Fowler neutral Roy ; Hobbs negative Pirates ; Hobbs negative Wonderboy <$> { { plot } } A young Roy Hobbs plays baseball with his father on the family farm . Roy 's father dies suddenly under a tree . That tree is split in half by lightning , and Roy carves a baseball bat from it . He burns a lightning bolt on the barrel and calls it Wonderboy . In 1923 , a 19 - year old Hobbs is granted a tryout by the Chicago Cubs as a pitcher . The train to Chicago makes a stop at a carnival and Roy is challenged to strike out " The Whammer " , the top hitter in the major leagues . He does so in front of many people , including a sportswriter named Max Mercy , who draws a picture of the event . Back on the train , the naive Hobbs is seduced by Harriet Byrd , an alluring woman , who gravitates to him after judging that he , rather than The Whammer , is now the best baseball player in the world . Byrd lures Hobbs to a hotel room , shoots him , and then jumps out the window to her death . It is later revealed that Byrd kills rising athletes , having already murdered two others . The story skips forward to 1939 . The New York Knights have signed the now 35 - year - old Hobbs to a contract , to the ire of the team 's manager and co-owner , Pop Fisher . With the Knights mired in last - place , Pop is angry about being saddled with a " middle - aged rookie " and refuses to even let him participate in team practice . After a showdown in which Roy is told he is to be sent back to the minors , Pop relents . During the next game , the team 's star player , " Bump " Bailey , angers Pop and Roy is sent to pinch hit . Pop encourages Hobbs to " knock the cover off the ball " , which Hobbs literally does , providing the game - winning hit in a rain - shortened game . After Bump dies running through the outfield fence in pursuit of a fly ball in a subsequent game , Roy takes over as the team 's starting right fielder and plays phenomenally , becoming the league 's sensation and single - handedly turning the Knights ' fortunes around . Hobbs ' success prompts Mercy to try to unearth details about his background , but Hobbs is uncooperative . Mercy starts a rumor that Wonderboy is a loaded bat , but the allegation is disproven when the league weighs and measures the bat , which meets specifications . Roy is soon summoned to a meeting with the principal owner of the Knights , The Judge . Beforehand , Pop 's assistant , Red , informs Roy that The Judge has an interest in the team losing , since Pop is obligated to sell his share to The Judge if the Knights fail to win the National League pennant . To ensure that result , The Judge had ordered his chief scout to stock the roster with unknown players like Hobbs . The Judge inquires about Roy 's background but is rebuffed . The Judge then offers him a new contract as an implicit bribe to throw the season , but Hobbs makes it clear he is committed to winning the pennant . Gambler Gus Sands and The Judge devise a plan to manipulate him : Memo Paris , Pop 's niece , and Bump 's former girlfriend , is sent to seduce Roy . Mercy sees Roy pitch to a teammate after practice one day and finally realizes where he had seen Hobbs before . He confronts Roy with the cartoon he drew after Roy struck out The Whammer and offers him $ 5,000 for his story , but Roy is not interested . At dinner , Mercy introduces Roy to Gus and Memo . Memo and Roy begin seeing each other regularly . Despite warnings from Pop that his niece is " bad luck , " he continues the relationship , and soon falls into a slump . At Wrigley Field in Chicago , Hobbs comes to bat in the top of the ninth with the Knights trailing by one run with a man on third . With two strikes , he sees a woman in white stand up in the crowd , illuminated by sunlight , and he promptly hits a game - winning home run that shatters the scoreboard clock . After the game , Roy realizes the woman in white is his childhood sweetheart , Iris , and they meet at a soda shop . She attends the next day 's game , at which Hobbs hits four home runs . Later , they go for a walk and Roy confides his shooting and how he lost his way in life . Iris is sympathetic and they return to her apartment for tea . Roy notices a baseball glove , which Iris informs him belongs to her 16 - year old son . Roy wonders where his father is and Iris says he lives in New York . Roy is curious to meet the boy but Iris tells him he should leave . With Hobbs hitting again , the Knights surge into first place , needing just one win in their final three games against the Philadelphia Phillies to clinch the pennant . Against Pop 's advice , a victory party is held at Memo 's , where Roy again refuses a payoff from Gus . Memo feeds Roy a poisoned éclair , causing him to fall ill . Roy awakens in a hospital bed a few days later and learns that the Knights lost their last three games , setting up a one - game playoff against the Pittsburgh Pirates for the pennant . The doctor informs Roy that his stomach lining has been deteriorating due to his gunshot injury , which was discovered when they recovered the silver bullet while pumping Roy 's stomach . Hobbs is warned that his stomach could tear apart and kill him if he continues to play ball . Memo visits Roy in the hospital and encourages him to accept Gus ' payoff . Roy later sneaks out of the hospital to take batting practice , but collapses after a few swings . Later that night , The Judge appears at Roy 's bedside and increases his offer , even though he does n't think Roy is in any condition to play . Hobbs refuses and The Judge threatens to ruin Roy 's image by releasing photographs from the shooting , which were obtained from Mercy . The Judge also informs Roy that he has a contingency plan in place , having bribed another key player on the team . The day before the game , Iris visits Roy , who still blames himself for failing to achieve his full potential in baseball . Iris insists he 's a great player anyway , but Roy responds that he could have been " the best there ever was . " Roy asks whether her son is in New York with her and whether they will be attending the game . She says he is , but leaves before answering the second question . The day of the game , Hobbs goes to The Judge 's office and returns The Judge 's money . Memo fires a gun at the floor . Roy takes the gun from her and recognizes her similarity to Harriet Byrd . As Hobbs walks out , Gus predicts the Knights will lose . Hobbs heads to the locker room , where a nervous Pop is shaving . They converse briefly . Pop tells Roy he 's the best player he 's ever coached and the best hitter he ever saw , and tells him to suit up . Roy , injured and rusty , strikes out in his first at - bat . The Pirates take the lead when the Knights ' starting pitcher , Fowler , surrenders a two - run homer . Realizing Fowler is the player The Judge bribed , Hobbs goes to the mound and tells him not to throw the game . Fowler replies he 'll start pitching when Roy starts hitting . In his next at - bat , Hobbs strikes out again , falling to the ground . Iris , sitting in the stands with her son , goes down to the railing and asks an usher to deliver a message to Roy . The message says she and her son are at the game and Roy is the boy 's father . Shocked , Roy peers out from the dugout but can not see them . In the bottom of the ninth , the Knights are still trailing 2 - 0 and are down to their final out . After the next two batters reach base , Hobbs comes up and the Pirates bring in a young , hard - throwing , left - handed pitcher . Hobbs fouls the first pitch back , breaking the glass to the press box , where Mercy had been sketching a cartoon of Roy as a goat . Hobbs swings through the next pitch . Down to his last strike , he hits what looks like a home run down the right field line , but the ball hooks foul . At the plate , he sees that Wonderboy is broken . The batboy brings him his own handmade bat , the Savoy Special , which Roy had helped him make . The catcher notices blood on Hobbs ' jersey , and calls for an inside fastball to exploit Roy 's injury . With lightning flashing in the sky , Hobbs sends the ball into the lights above right field for the game - and pennant - winning home run . The lights explode and sparks rain down on the field as Hobbs rounds the bases . The screen fades to a wheat field bathed in sunlight , with Hobbs playing catch with his son as Iris watches .
Richard negative Julia ; Richard positive Norman ; Giff neutral Annette <$> Mrs Julia Sturges , who is at the time estranged from her husband Richard , is traveling first class on the RMS Titanic . Determined to remove her children from her husband Richard 's " high society " world in Europe , Julia secretly takes their two children , 17 - year - old Annette and ten - year - old Norman , on the Titanic and plans to raise them in her hometown of Mackinac , Michigan . However , after he learns of her plans , Richard pays a premium to buy a steerage ticket from a Basque immigrant in hopes of intercepting them and taking the children back to Europe . Richard and Julia talk about the custody of Annette and Norman over their first dinner on board . Other passengers include a wealthy woman of working - class origins based on Molly Brown , Maude Young ; a social - climbing snob , Earl Meeker ; a 20 - year - old Purdue University tennis player , Gifford Rogers , who falls in love with Annette Sturges ; and a priest who has been suspended for alcoholism , George S. Healey . Julia realizes that Annette is old enough to make her own decisions and , therefore , may choose to return to Europe with her father , but she insists on maintaining custody of Norman . This angers Richard , and later , prior to dining at the captain 's table , he aggressively confronts Julia . She then reveals to him that Norman is not his biological child but , rather , the result of a one - night stand she had after leaving a party where she was being belittled in the days before Richard had " made [ her ] over into [ his ] image . " He agrees to relinquish custody of Norman , being cold and distant from them . Richard joins Maude , Earl , and George Widener in the lounge to play bridge with them . Norman tries to get Richard to play shuffleboard with him , but he yells at him , sending him away . Giff teaches Annette the " Navajo Rag , " and she finds herself smitten with him . That night Giff , Annette , and a group of college students sing and play the piano in the dining room , and from a corner table , Captain Smith watches . Suddenly the lookout spots an iceberg , and although the crew tries to steer clear of danger , the ship is cut open by the iceberg . Julia and Norman are awakened by the crash and Annette tells them that the ship has hit an iceberg . Richard tells his family to dress warmly , but properly ; then , they head outside . Richard and Julia have a tearful reconciliation on the boat deck , as he is putting Julia and the children in famous Lifeboat # 6 . Later , Norman gives up his seat in the full lifeboat so that a woman can be accommodated , and goes looking for his father . They reunite as the Titanic is in her final moments . Richard tells a passing steward that Norman is his ' son ' and then tells the boy that he has been proud of him every day of his life and that he feels " tall as a mountain " standing by the boy 's side . Then , they join the rest of the passengers and crew in singing the hymn " Nearer , My God , to Thee . " The Titanic rises high in the air , explodes twice more , and rapidly sinks . Richard and Norman both drown . Giff Rogers falls into the ocean while trying to free a stuck lifeboat and is rescued by the passengers in Lifeboat # 7 . He survives . Meeker disguises himself as a woman and gains admittance to a lifeboat . He also survives , although Young recognizes him and calls him out in front of the other people in the lifeboat . George Healey tries to pull himself together as the ship is sinking , and goes below , joining crewmen who have been trapped in the engine room .
Mahoney negative Merritt <$> { { plot } } Sometime in the late 1950s , mankind has achieved the capability of manned space flight and built a space station in orbit around the Earth , headed by Colonel Merritt , whose son , Barney , a Captain , is feeling a little homesick . At the moment , the space station 's personnel have been at work constructing a giant spaceship to go to the moon , but on one occasion , a crew member becomes a victim of space fatigue after failing to connect a wire on time . Later on , as Colonel Merritt has taken his men to the galley for dinner , the space station is lightly damaged by a meteor shower , but damages are soon repaired . After the incident , an inspector comes up from Earth and gives Merritt fresh orders from the president : not only is Merritt being promoted to General , but the so called moonship is going to Mars instead . As General Merritt selects three men and an officer to go with him , his close friend Sgt Mahoney is turned down for being twenty years too old , although three months younger than the General . Merritt 's son changes his mind about returning to Earth , and volunteers for the mission . Sgt Imoto expresses his view on the Martian mission , explaining how Japan , before World War Two , served as an example for a world becoming overpopulated and about to run out of valuable resources . After the selected crew members watch a news broadcast wishing them farewell , the Mars mission sets off , only for the General to find that Sgt Mahoney stowed away by hiding in one of the spacesuits . En route , something goes wrong with the communication antenna , so two men go out on a spacewalk to make repairs . They manage to get the antenna working just in time as the monitor shows an asteroid , twenty times bigger than the Mars ship , coming at them from the stern . Thanks to the general , the ship manages to avoid a collision , but meteors from the asteroid kill one of the spacewalking astronauts by puncturing an airline , leaving the crew to abandon him in space . Eight months later , as the crew approaches Mars , the general becomes increasingly disturbed , and as they come in for a landing and the " space speed indicator " approaches zero , he suddenly says " We have n't the right ! " and puts on full throttle . His son , now the captain of the mission , struggles with him , wrenches his hand from the throttle , and brings the ship in to a rough but safe landing . Later , as the crew takes their first steps on the Martian surface , they spot water leaking from the rocket . Getting aboard quickly the captain discovers the saboteur is the general . In a fight with his son , the two struggle and Captain Merritt fires his father 's gun , killing the General . Sgt. Mahoney , who 'd seen the last stages of the fight , threatens to have Captain Merritt confined for his actions . The crew discovers , apparently surprised , that Mars is inhospitable and that that it is going to be a severe struggle to survive with their limited water for the year it will take for Earth to reach the right orbital position for a successful return . Despite the absence of water on Mars , like the child in Ruth Krauss 's book The Carrot Seed , Japanese crew member Sgt. Imoto plants a seed hopefully in the Martian soil . The crew celebrates Christmas on Mars glumly . Wisecracking Brooklynite Sgt. Siegle plays Christmas carols somberly on a harmonica while the other actors chew the scenery . Siegle complains they are on " a lousy , dried - up ball in the corner pocket of nowhere . " : Sgt. Mahoney : The General was n't crazy , he was right ! We asked for it ! There 's a curse on this ship and everybody in it ! : Sgt. Siegle : Baloney ! You leave that stuff back on Earth . But it do n't operate past the thousand - mile limit . " Only God can make a tree . " Okay ? Where is it ? Where 's the trees , and the flowers , and the grass ? Where 's the water ? You hear me ? Where 's the water ?! Just then , Sgt. Imoto , who has been staring out the window yells " Look ! " Since it is snowing on Christmas Day , the crew is saved and they manage to replenish their water supply . In due course , as the launch date approaches , the seed Imoto planted sprouts into a tiny flower . The viewer infers that Mars has water and can grow flowers ; since " only God can make a tree , " God is present on Mars and God must intend for humankind to exploit not only the Earth but also Mars and the rest of the universe . The joy over the discovery of the flower is , however , short lived as the crew hear rumbling sounds and see rocks falling and cavities opening up in the ground , proving that Mars has underground water . The ground sinks slightly under the ship and even though the ship does n't sink into the ground , it is leaning at an angle too risky to make an emergency liftoff . The crew then decides to try a more risky but desperate attempt to straighten up the ship : using the ship 's motors to open up a new cavity , which does work , and the ship lifts off before the ground collapses . As the movie closes , Sgt. Mahoney , who had threatened to accuse Capt. Merritt of murdering his own father on their return , changes his mind and decides that it would be better to forget about it and let the world remember the general not as a nutcase who tried to sabotage the flight but as a brave man " sacrificin ' his life as he did , to bring his ship and his crew safely to a landing on the rocky desert of a new planet ! … Fittin ' end for a grand soldier . " The captain nods and adds , " For the man who conquered space . " The Irishman offers him " a cup o ' tea " , the captains says " thanks " , the music rises to a climax , and the rocket glides off into a starry firmament behind the words " THE END . "
Phears neutral Max ; Max neutral Nicky ; Nicky negative Tara <$> Max Doyle is an 11 - year - old whose love of performing magic disappoints his father and draws ridicule from his older brother , Colin . While doing laundry in the basement , Max hears voices . While investigating the source of the sound , he sees a hand come out of the wall . A hidden tunnel behind the wall happens to harbor the evil Phears and his cadre of ghosts . Phears is intent on freeing himself and his minions from the world of ghosts to inhabit the physical world but will be able to do so only on Halloween . Later , Max finds the ghosts of two children , Nicky and Tara Roland , have suddenly come to occupy his room . They explain that they need his help in learning who they are , how they came to be ghosts , and what has happened to their parents.Although they can not be seen by anyone but Max , they are able to interact with objects in the physical world . This allows them to frighten a boy who has been bullying Max at school . Shortly thereafter , Tara and Nicky learn it was Phears who killed their parents and now holds the ghosts of their parents captive . During rehearsal of Max 's magic show , Tara is captured by Phears . Max tells Nicky about it and suggests Nicky throw him into the basement tunnel to find her . The same way people see no ghosts , ghosts can not see Max . He retrieves a box from Tara that contains a ring to defeat the evil ghosts , but Phears prevents her from escaping with him . Traci , a girl Max has been crushing on , becomes his assistant for his magic show . They perform with the help of Nicky moving objects around , making it appears Max is actually moving them with his magic . On Halloween , Phears finally breaks the tunnel wall and crashes the show . There , Max chants the spell and Phears minions are sent back to the depths of the earth but Phears himself escapes in the form of a roach without anyone seeing him .
Adel positive Sawsan <$> Faten Hamama plays Sawsan , a middle - class orphan who meets Adel , a rich man who tries to approach her . He eventually marries her . His playboy friends feel uncomfortable with Sawsan being around and therefore Adel orders her to stay at home . While staying alone at home , Sawsan works on some land Adel owns , with the help of one Adel 's old friends , Shafeek . Adel 's other friends try to destroy Adel 's marriage by telling him that Sawsan is having an affair with his friend . Adel 's friends try to exploit Adel for his fortunes and convince him to sell his land . Shafeek talks to Adel and convinces him not to sell his land to his exploiter friends . Adel realizes his mistake , leaves his friends , and returns to his wife . { { cite web } }
Gladys negative Margery <$> Recently - widowed Margery Heywood and her cleaning woman Gladys Gladwell disturb a would - be burglar breaking into Margery 's house in Kent . Margery attacks the burglar with a heavy glass vase , and knocks him unconscious . Believing that she has killed him , she panics and flees the house with Gladys , leaving behind her handbag . In Gladys 's car , the two women decide to try to reach Margery 's son Graham in Milton Keynes , hoping he 'll give them shelter and money , but the trip turns into a comedy of disasters . They are forced to break into a pharmacy to obtain insulin for Gladys 's diabetes , ' do a runner ' from a petrol station and dodge police cameras on the M25 . Margery is devastated to learn of a twenty - year affair between her late husband and Gladys - and that her son knew of it . His father also secretly bought a boat and planned to sail away with a childhood friend . With the police , led by about - to - retire D I Woolley on their trail , the two women drive to Fleetwood , only to meet the childhood friend . The boat , it seems , was purchased with stolen money . After a night on the town at nearby Blackpool , the two women take the boat and sail off to the Caribbean .
Wendy positive Shen ; Wendy negative Jessica ; Wendy negative Warrior ; Tory positive Wendy ; Wendy negative Lo <$> The plot was described by the author and numerous critics as a teen installment to a Jackie Chan plot with a Disney twist . Gary Marsh called the film " Buffy the Vampire Slayer meets Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon " . Marissa Guthrie . I was a teenage ' warrior ' . New York Daily News . Accessed 2008-11-11 . Wendy Wu is an average , popular American teenager whose life is turned upside down by a visit from a young Buddhist monk Shen . Shen claims Wendy is the reincarnation of an all - powerful almighty female warrior and the only one who can prevent an ancient evil spirit from destroying the world . He then pleads Wendy to wear an incredibly strong and powerful amulet that will protect her from evil until he can fully train her in martial arts . Appalled by Shen 's obvious lack of fashion sense - he usually wears a traditional monk 's robe - Wendy pays little attention to him . She is too busy campaigning for Homecoming Queen against her school arch rival , Jessica Dawson , to be bothered with rescuing civilization . Wendy 's traditional grandmother knows that Shen is speaking the truth ; her mother was the previous Yin Warrior who ninety years earlier defeated Yan - Lo in China . However , the others in Wendy 's family have lost touch with their Chinese heritage . Shen 's discussion of Chinese culture inspire Wendy 's mother , a researcher at Fair Springs National History Museum , and Shen 's mooncakes do the same for Wendy 's father . However , faced with the choice between fighting evil and going shopping , Wendy is off to the mall in a heartbeat with her best friends Tory and Lisa . Yan - Lo soon materializes and sets out to destroy Wendy before she can attain her full Yin Warrior powers and abilities . In quick succession , the dark spirit possesses a security guard at the museum , Wendy 's brother , her principal , her dog , her teachers , her best friend Tory and even Jessica Dawson . Wendy breaks up with her boyfriend , Austin after noticing how much of a jerk he is and starts to bond more with Shen . With Shen 's help , her teachers are transformed into the souls of the Five Animals of Chinese martial arts to help teach Wendy . Mr. Medina becomes the Tiger , Coach Gibbs becomes the Snake , Mr. Tobias becomes the Crane , Mr. Garibay becomes the Leopard , and Shen himself becomes the Dragon . The martial arts training unleashes Wendy 's inner heroine for a final showdown with Yan - Lo during Homecoming . In the last scene , Jessica thanks Wendy for lending her the Homecoming crown and the Queen status , opposing her usual hostile approach towards Wendy and the conflict between the two is apparently put to rest . Yan Lo then returns , choosing to this time appear in person , and the battle continues . Shen begins to sacrifice himself , his destiny , but Wendy saves him by changing his destiny . Wendy and Shen both kick Yan Lo together , and Yan Lo is destroyed forever . The monks tell Shen this is his last life , and the monks leave . At the end , Wendy and Shen leave to get the cappucinos and chocolate that Shen said he loves earlier in the movie , hinting that they might begin dating .
Lord positive her <$> Kitty Bellairs , a famous flirt of her day , comes to Bath for the season . Early on in the film she declares that " in spite of her thirty or forty affairs , I 've lost not a bit of my virtue . " Her path is strewn with a number of conquests , including an enamored highwayman , a lord and some others who hang on her every word . A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs . He trades the loot from the passengers for a kiss from Kitty who feels she should " yield " in order to protect Lord Varney 's life who has gallantly come to defend her honor . In spite of this , Lord Varney draws his sword and ends up losing the fight when he loses his sword , upon which the highwayman declares , " Blood is not a pretty sight for tender eyes , Retrieve your sword while I go about my business . " He proceeds to kiss Kitty who declares she considers herself not to have been kissed at all , upon which the highwayman kisses her several times and slips a ring on her finger leaving her enraptured . Lord Varney , however , is in love with Kitty himself but is extremely bashful and shy . The film then progresses to the city of Bath , where the inhabitants sing an amusing song about their daily lives , and the proceeds to a dance which Kitty is attending . She meets Captain O'Hara who declares his love for her . When Lord Varney approaches and asks for his dance from Kitty , Captain O'Hara declares that " it ' was ' his dance " and whisks her away . Lord Varney is approached by his friend who laughs at his shyness . Nevertheless , Lord Varney declares his love for her and decides to write a love poem to Kitty . The film then proceeds to the next day and we see Kitty being tended to by her maid while chatting with her hairdresser about her three lovers . She describes them and asks his opinion on whom she should choose . The film then proceeds to the house of Lady Julia Standish on whom Kitty is paying a call . Lady Julia 's husband is neglecting her and Kitty gives her advice on how to many her husband interested once again . Her husband , Sir Jasper Standish arrives from a trip to find her dressed elegantly as if expecting a caller . Meanwhile , Kitty places a love note addressed to her in a conspicuous place with a lock of red hair and leaves the house . Through a welter of songs into which the principals break at short intervals she at length decides on a lord instead of a highwayman . Lord Varney , hearing that Kitty was visiting Lady Standish , comes to call on Kitty at Lord Standish 's house . Lord Standish immediately assumes that he is fooling around with his wife and insults his so that he must fight a duel " according to the code " in order to uphold his honor . The report of the scandal soon flies through the town and we are taken to a bath where everyone is talking about the supposed affair . Kitty happens to be there and as soon as she hears the story she begins to fear for the life of Lord Varney , whom she now realizes is the one she really loves . Through a welter of songs into which the principals break at short intervals , as well as outrageous Pre-Code comedy , satire and drama , Kitty and Lord Varney are at length united .
McNally negative Tuscarora ; McNally neutral Cordona ; McNally neutral Cronin ; Cronin neutral Lobo ; Lobo negative Whitey ; Tuscarora negative Hendricks ; McNally negative Ketcham ; Tuscarora negative Cordona ; Tuscarora positive Amelita ; Cordona neutral Ketcham ; Hendricks neutral Amelita ; McNally positive Hendricks <$> The film opens during the American Civil War . Col. Cord McNally has instructions telegraphed to his close friend , Lt. Forsythe , in charge of the Union troops on a Union army payroll train . However , Confederates led by Capt. Pierre Cordona and Sgt. Tuscarora Phillips hijack the train . They have an elegant plan of listening in on the telegraph wires , greasing the tracks to stop the train , disconnecting the payroll wagon from the engine so it would roll back down the hill , using a hornet 's nest to force the Union guards to jump off the train , then catching the train with many ropes tied to trees . In the process , Lt. Forsythe is fatally injured . In the subsequent fighting , they trick McNally and capture him . But McNally leads them into a Union camp , pushes a branch forward , and lets it swing back to knock Tuscarora off his horse , then yells out to the camp . As the Confederates flee , McNally jumps Cordona . McNally realizes that a traitor must be selling information to the Confederate States of America , in order for the hijackings to be successful . McNally questions the pair , but they give him no information and are imprisoned . When the War ends , McNally visits them as they are being released , and asks them to tell him from whom they got their information . When Tuscarora points out that they were the ones who had killed McNally 's friends yet McNally has nothing against them , McNally replies that the killing was an act of war , while the one who sold them the information was a traitor . Unfortunately they do n't know the traitors ' identities , having only seen them from a distance . One was a big , dark - haired , mustachioed man , and the other was very white - haired and pale . McNally then tells Cordona and Tuscarora that if they should ever come across these men again , to contact him through a friend of his , Pat Cronin , who is the sheriff of Blackthorne in Texas . Tuscarora is on his way to Rio Lobo , Texas where he grew up . Later McNally is contacted by Cronin on instructions from Cordona . When he arrives in Blackthorne , however , Cordona is sleeping in a hotel room with a girl . While waiting for him , a woman , Shasta Delaney , arrives , wishing to report a murder that took place in Rio Lobo . Cronin claims that there 's nothing he can do , because Rio Lobo is outside his jurisdiction . Later a posse from Rio Lobo arrives and wants to take Delaney away . She claims , however , that the leader , " Whitey " , is the murderer about whom she has been talking . When one of the posse aims a gun at Cronin , Shasta shoots Whitey under the table , and Cronin and McNally finish off the posse . As the last one is about to shoot McNally , Cordona appears at the top of the stairs and shoots the gunman . Shasta faints from the shock of killing someone . Cordona tells McNally that Whitey was one of the men for whom McNally was looking . He goes on to tell McNally that Tuscarora had contacted him and had told him that he saw one of the men , for whom McNally is looking in Rio Lobo . He also reports that there is trouble in Rio Lobo and that Tuscarora needs help . His father and other ranchers are being bullied by a man named Ketcham , who installed his sheriff , " Blue Tom " Hendricks ( [ [ Mike Henry , after Hendricks killed the previous incumbent . So McNally , Cordona , and Shasta go to Rio Lobo , where they discover graft and corruption . Hendricks arrests Tuscarora on trumped up charges . For further help , they go to Tuscarora 's father , Old Man Philips . When the three sneak into Ketcham 's ranch , McNally learns that Ketcham is really Sergeant Major Ike Gorman , the traitor . McNally punches him around and forces him to sign the title deeds of the ranches back to their rightful owners . Philips then wires the triggers back , forming a dead - man 's trap , on his double barreled shotgun so they can order Hendricks and his men out of the jail . They take over the town jail for cover , freeing Tuscarora , while Cordona goes for the Cavalry . Meanwhile , Tuscarora 's girlfriend Maria Carmen and her friend Amelita lend assistance . For that , Hendricks slashes Amelita 's face , and Amelita swears to McNally that she will kill Hendricks . However , Ketcham 's men capture Cordona . Ketcham 's gang offers to trade Cardona for Ketcham . In the meantime , word spread of the trade and roughly 20 ranchers offered to help , knowing that , if McNally failed , the town would have gained nothing from the returned deeds . During the prisoner exchange , Cordona dives from the bridge into the river where Tuscarora was hiding . McNally yells out that Ketcham is now bankrupt , having signed the deeds back , so the furious sheriff guns Ketcham down , and in turn , McNally and the sheriff shoot each other in the leg . After a failed attempt to blow up the cantina McNally 's force was in , they are outflanked and outgunned by the other ranchers who have come to help . Hendricks 's men realize that and they flee . Hendricks shoots at them , but he had been using his rifle as a walking cane and it had become clogged with mud , and it explodes in his face . As he stumbles to his horse , Amelita guns him down , thus keeping her word . The film ends with her helping McNally walk .
Dan positive Dana <$> Two families looking to escape painful holiday memories take a vacation to an exotic Caribbean island over Christmas . A widowed mother , Dana , and her two sons , Chris and Michael meet a divorced father , Dan ( [ [ Colin Ferguson , and his two daughters , Blair and Nell when their cruise ship docks in Puerto Rico . Despite a rough start , the parents and kids begin to develop bonds over the course of their stay at a beautiful Puerto Rican beach resort . It looks like an idyllic Brady Bunch holiday for the two families as Dana and Dan try to put their personal tragedies behind them and begin to grow closer , until an unexpected visitor from the past appears and threatens their tentative romance . What promised to be a joyous Christmas filled with fresh hope and new relationships turns complicated as each member of the two families must sort out their feelings and choose their own path . { { cite web } }
Ravi positive Maya <$> It is a sad story of a Malayali teacher couple that this film narrates . Ravunni Nair and Saraswathi Amma were colleagues teaching in the same school and they married late in life , when the former was 45 and the latter was 40 . The great regret of their life is that they are a childless couple . Into their lonely life after retirement from service , walks in Maya , an ex-friends daughter whom Saraswathi Amma had stayed with during her earlier teaching career . She had got admission into a local college and she was in search of a place for boarding and lodging as well as guardians . Maya , motherless for long , brings with her some cheer . The old couple almost adopt her as their daughter and Maya reciprocates . Some time later comes Ravi with whom Maya was in love and who had gone away to the United States . Maya 's father Bhadran Nampoothiripadu having disapproved Ravi , Ravunni and Saraswathi Amma bless Ravi and Maya and get them married . But then Ravi has to go back to USA ; and he leaves - behind Maya , an expectant mother . A male child is born , but Maya dies at child - birth . The lonely old couple lose a major prop of their lives . They are left with the baby , whom they look after like a grandson . One day , Ravi appears out of the blue to claim his son and now the other prop is also gone , they console each other and re-adjust themselves to live out the remaining years of their lives .
Timmy negative Slovo <$> The movie begins with a clown whose wife and stripper girlfriend just discovered each other 's existence . When his wife is jailed for trying to run him over , the stripper , the clown and his partner contact a bail bondsman whose wife just left their sickly son Timmy in his care . On the way , they are accosted by a crazed drug addict named Slovo who is hit by a car soon after . At the jail , the five meet up with an angry record producer and the girlfriend he believes to be pregnant whom he plans to make a star , despite her protestations of not having any talent . Also along for the ride are two priests , one of whom has begun to doubt the wisdom of the Roman Catholic Church , and who are trailing to bail out a third priest who was goaded into a fight by the proprietor of a strip club . When the nine characters intersect , they discover that Timmy has a defective kidney and is slowly dying . However , he has just been paged , as there is a donor at the hospital : Slovo . The three caring characters immediately take Timmy to the hospital , with the others in pursuit . By the time they arrive , Slovo has partially recovered and has escaped to wander the streets , cheerfully ignoring his internal bleeding , and must be tracked down before both he and Timmy die .
Horatio negative Hamlet ; Claudius negative Ophelia ; Hamlet negative King ; Hamlet positive Claudius ; Gertrude negative Claudius ; Hamlet positive Gertrude ; Laertes negative Ophelia ; Laertes negative Claudius <$> The film follows the overall story of the play , but cuts nearly half the dialogue , leaves out two major characters , and includes an opening voice - over that represents Hamlet 's fundamental problem as indecision . The film begins with a narrator quoting some of Hamlet 's lines from Act I Scene IV : : So oft it chances in particular men , : That through some vicious mole of nature in them , : By the o'ergrowth of some complexion , : Oft breaking down the pales and forts of reason , : Or by some habit grown too much [ this line is changed ; Shakespeare 's original line is or by some habit that too much o'erleavens the form of plausive manners { { cite web } } ] ; that these men - : Carrying , I say , the stamp of one defect , : Their virtues else - be they as pure as grace , : Shall in the general censure take corruption , : From that particular fault ... Olivier then breaks from Shakespeare 's words to inform us " This is the tragedy of a man who could not make up his mind . " The action begins on the battlements of Elsinore where a sentry , Francisco , is relieved of his watch by another sentry , Bernardo , who , with yet another sentry , Marcellus , has twice previously seen the Ghost of King Hamlet . Marcellus then arrives with the skeptical Horatio , Prince Hamlet 's friend . Suddenly , all three see the Ghost , and Horatio demands that the ghost speak . The ghost vanishes then , without a word . Inside the Great Hall of the castle , the court is celebrating the marriage of Gertrude and King Claudius ; old King Hamlet has died apparently of an accidental snakebite , and his wife , Gertrude , has , within a month of the tragedy , married the late King 's brother . Prince Hamlet sits alone , refusing to join in the celebration , despite the protests of the new King . When the court has left the Great Hall , Hamlet fumes over the hasty marriage , muttering to himself the words " and yet , within a month ! " Soon , Horatio and the sentries enter telling Hamlet of the ghostly apparition of his father . Hamlet proceeds to investigate , and upon arriving on the battlements , sees the ghost . Noting that the ghost beckons him forward , Hamlet follows it up onto a tower , wherein it reveals its identity as the Ghost of Hamlet 's father . He tells Hamlet that he was murdered , who did it , and how it was done . The audience then sees the murder re-enacted in a flashback as the ghost describes the deed - Claudius is seen pouring poison into the late King Hamlet 's ear , thereby killing him . Hamlet does not at first accept this as the truth , and then prepares to feign madness , so as to test Claudius ' conscience , without jumping to conclusions . This feigned insanity attracts the attention of Polonius who is completely convinced that Hamlet has gone mad . Polonius pushes this point with the King , claiming that it is derived from Hamlet 's love for Ophelia , Polonius 's daughter . Claudius , however , is not fully convinced , and has Polonius set up a meeting between Hamlet and Ophelia . Hamlet 's " madness " is constant even in this exchange , and Claudius is convinced . Hamlet then hires a group of wandering stage performers , requesting that they enact the play The Murder of Gonzago for the king . However , Hamlet makes a few alterations to the play , so as to make it mirror the circumstances of the late King 's murder . Claudius , unable to endure the play , calls out for light , and retires to his room . Hamlet is now convinced of Claudius ' treachery . He finds Claudius alone , and has ample opportunity to kill the villain . However , at this time , Claudius is praying , and Hamlet does not seek to send him to heaven , so , he waits , and bides his time . He instead confronts Gertrude about the matter of his father 's death and Claudius ' treachery . During this confrontation , he hears a voice from the arras , and , believing that it was Claudius eavesdropping , plunges his dagger into the curtains . On discovering that he has in fact , killed the eavesdropping Polonius instead , Hamlet is only mildly upset , and he continues to confront his mother . He then sees the ghostly apparition of his father , and proceeds to converse with it . Gertrude , who can not see the ghost , is now also convinced that Hamlet is mad . Hamlet is deported to England by Claudius , who has given orders for him to be killed once he reaches there . Fortunately , Hamlet 's ship is attacked by pirates , and he is returned to Denmark . In his absence , however , Ophelia , goes mad over Hamlet 's rejection and the idea that her own sweetheart has killed her father , and drowns , supposedly committing suicide . Laertes , Ophelia 's brother , is driven to avenge her death , as well as his father 's . Claudius and Laertes learn of Hamlet 's return , and prepare to have him killed . However , they plan to make it look like an accident . Claudius orders Laertes to challenge Hamlet to a duel , wherein Laertes will be given a poisoned blade that will kill with a bare touch . In case Laertes is unable to hit Hamlet , Claudius also prepares a poisoned drink . Hamlet meets Laertes ' challenge , and engages him in a duel . Hamlet wins the first two rounds , and Gertrude drinks from the cup , suspecting that it is poisoned . Whilst in - between bouts , Laertes rushes Hamlet , and strikes him on the arm , fatally poisoning him . Hamlet , not knowing this , continues to duel . Hamlet eventually disarms Laertes , and switches blades with him . Hamlet then strikes Laertes in the wrist , fatally wounding him . Gertrude then submits to the poison , and dies , warning Hamlet not to drink from the cup . Laertes , dying , confesses the whole plot to Hamlet , who flies at Claudius in a fit of rage , killing him , before finally expiring himself . Horatio , horrified by all this , orders that Hamlet be given a decent funeral , and the young prince 's body is taken away , while the Danish court kneels and the cannons of Elsinore fire off a peal of ordinance in respect .
Morley neutral Brown ; Morley negative Baker ; Baker negative Brown ; she positive Baker ; Morley neutral she <$> In 1940 , American - built North American Harvard training aircraft are flown to just outside Canada , where they are towed across the border for use by Britain . Cocky American pilot Tim Baker decides to fly across the border to Trenton , Ontario , and winds up in trouble with the military authorities , unconvincingly claiming he was looking for Trenton , New Jersey . Baker ferries a Lockheed Hudson bomber to Britain , pocketing $ 1,000 for his work . In London , he runs into his on - again off - again girlfriend Carol Brown , who works in the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force by day and stars in a nightclub by night . She is none too pleased to see him , calling him a " worm " for his womanizing ways , lying , and long absence , but he is confident she still harbors strong feelings for him . He decides to enlist in the Royal Air Force . Meanwhile , Brown attracts the appreciative attention of two RAF officers , Wing Commander John Morley and Flying Officer Roger Pillby . Morley persists in seeing Brown , despite being told at the outset that there is another man . Pillby is unable to persuade either Baker or Morley to introduce him . After completing training , Baker is disappointed to be assigned to Morley 's bomber squadron , rather than to a fighter . He becomes further disgruntled when his first mission is to " bomb " Berlin with propaganda leaflets as Morley 's co-pilot during the Phoney War . Pillby pilots another bomber in the raid . When Baker is late for their date , Brown accepts Morley 's invitation to spend a weekend at his country estate . There , Morley asks her to marry him . When she tells Baker about it , he offers to marry her himself , but in an insultingly casual way . She tells him that they are through . Back at the base , the two rivals learn of each other 's involvement with the same woman . Before they can do anything about it , however , the Germans invade Holland and Belgium , and they are given an urgent mission to bomb Dortmund , Germany , this time with real ordnance . During the nighttime raid , their bomber is hit , disabling one of their two engines . Pillby descends to their aid , knocking out searchlights , but is shot down in flames and perishes . Morley orders his crew to bail out , but Baker disobeys and lands the aircraft on a Dutch beach . Spotting a line of German soldiers , they hide in a nearby building , only to be taken prisoner by a German officer there . A crewman sacrifices himself , enabling the other two to dispatch the German and escape by motorboat . Baker wakes up in a British hospital , the victim of exposure . Once discharged , he goes to see Brown , pretending to have a broken arm , but blunders and shows himself to be a liar once more . Nonetheless , he produces an engagement ring and forces it onto her finger . After receiving a telephone call from Morley breaking their date , Brown informs Baker that all leaves have been canceled . Reserves are called up to make up fighter pilot losses , and Baker is reassigned to a Spitfire for the Battle of Dunkirk . He downs two Luftwaffe fighters before being shot down . Carol can not hide her distress when she can not find out whether he is alive or not . Morley takes her to the docks , where ships returning from the Dunkirk beaches are bringing back survivors . When Baker debarks , Carol rushes to him and shows him she is still wearing his ring .
Ma neutral Tang <$> A family gathers to be with its dying father . The reunion brings old rivalries to the surface . Mr Hu is dying , so calls his family to his bedside . After his death , his three sons divide Mr Hu 's belongings , leaving their mother and sister with nothing . Between them , the sister and mother come up with a plan to get revenge . The sister starts a rumour that her mother is actually very rich . On hearing the rumour , the three sons quickly return home and vie for their mother 's favor in the hope of getting the money from her . Spring Lady is tiring of her husband , Ma , and has an eye on Little Tang , a rickshaw boy . Little Tang is in love with Lin - tze , but as Lin - tze is happily married to Chang Hsun , his attentions are soon swayed by Spring Lady . Although Ma discovers the affair , he is too busy to care .
Nanda negative Arjun ; Linda negative Arjun ; Nanda positive Indhu ; Nanda positive Devarajan ; Nanda negative Lavanya <$> The film starts with the scene in a hotel in Bangalore , where Nanda ( [ [ Cheran is playing a song on his guitar for producers who are helping him get an opportunity in Kollywood as a musician . At this instant Arjun ( [ [ Prasanna heavily drunk makes a scene , stating that he will fall from there to the swimming pool at ground and finally does it . While returning to Chennai , Nanda 's car engine gets seized due to the sudden brake made in order to avoid collision with another car driven by arrogant drunken youngsters . Arjun who drove alone to Chennai gives a lift to Nanda in his car . They both get introduced and they identify that both of them had many differences in opinion . They both share their tragic stories of their life while travelling . Nanda tells him about his unloving wife Indhu , and his post maritial love Lavanya . He states he lives in a situation that he uncomfortably living adjusted life with his wife . Then , Arjun tells Nanda about his materialistic father Devarajan , a famous industrialist and business magnate asking him to continue his business and follow his ideas even though he does n't like it . Moreover tragedy occurs when Devarajan raped Arjun 's lady love Linda , who worked in Devarajan 's office . Linda commits suicide as her chastity was destroyed by her " future " father - in - law . Arjun lives life in the shadow of his father to keep the promise to his love that he made before she died . After some time of traveling both of them meet the youngsters , who were responsible for Nanda 's car seize in a motel . Arjun initiates a fight with them and Nanda joins to help Arjun . Finally while they escape in their car , both of them chase and made the exact thing happened to Nanda 's car . Afterwards while approaching the destination of their journey , Arjun explains Nanda his exclusive idea of solving both of their problems by criss cross manner . Plan states as Arjun killing Nanda 's wife and Nanda killing Arjun 's father and he explains none ca n't find out murder as Arjun and Nanda are strangers and no intention of killing can be drawn by police and others . Arjun explains as both of them are strangers and if he kills Nanda 's wife in a situation of accident turned death while Nanda is officially engaged in other place nothing can be traced . Nanda immediately denies the deal and leaves . In a week 's daily routine Nanda feels something good and approvable idea of Arjun as the only problem in his life is his Wife . After a week 's time his wife meets with an accident on the highway and dies on the spot . On the next day Arjun came to Nanda 's home and depicts how he creates the accident and how he found out Indhu is unfaithful to Nanda by having a affair with her colleague named Gowtham . Arjun asks Nanda to complete the remaining part by murdering his dad and also explains he had a plan . Now onwards both of them meet frequently at locations where none can see them together and both of them are officially unconnected strangers to the world . Nanda explains he ca n't murder anyone . Arjun forces him by telling his dad is an evil human and only way for his happy life is to kill him . Meanwhile a relative of Indhu , a policeman suspects Nanda laid a plan and executed Indhu 's accident by a hit man as Nanda started living together with his love and living happily . This issue causes Policeman become the next target of Arjun . Arjun kills him and news states that the police man is killed due to leak of electric pulse in his home . Nanda understands that Arjun is already highly engaged in the deal and wo n't stop till he accepts it . So he agrees to murder his dad and convincing himself that he is doing it for the good . Arjun provides the plan to Nanda and left out of the city for recording he is unavailable while the incident occurs . Nanda follows Devarajan to execute the plan and found out Devarajan is a good and kind human thus withdraws his murder plan . Next day arjun calls him and asks why he failed and asks we should meet . In the shopping mall they are about to met Nanda saw his lover 's friend and she casually explains the evil nature of Arjun as she saw him there . She explains the incident of how Arjun says break up to Linda and thus she commits suicide . Nanda understood Arjun had played a self heroic story to him and how he betrayed him . Nanda explains Arjun that he wo n't do anything for him as he knows the truth and asks to get far away from him forever . Arjun seems to finally accept Nanda 's refusal - but warns him that accidents can happen at any time . Over the next few days , Nanda feels increasingly threatened by accidents to Lavanya 's safety . He realizes Arjun is behind them all . Lavanya confused about what happened to Nanda and thought that he had gone mad . Arjun hears Lavanya telling about Nanda to her friend and threatens Nanda that he is still active and he can kill Lavanya too . Nanda finally makes his decision and tells Arjun that he is ready to murder Devarajan . Arjun lays his plan and goes to bangalore . Meanwhile Nanda cracks into the hotel in Bangalore where Arjun stays and tell him that he is going to kill him rather than his dad . Arjun fights back and at the end of the fight falls from the roof near the swimming pool into which he dives at the start of the film . Hotel authorities report the case as drunkard jump from roof unconsciously as its his habit.He dies on the spot and Nanda is satisfied that he had n't had to pull the trigger to kill Arjun as he had initially planned .
her positive Dylan ; her positive Meredith ; her neutral Cloe ; her negative Sasha ; Jade positive Sasha ; her negative Jade ; Cloe positive Meredith <$> { { Plot } } The four friends : Cloe , Yasmin , Sasha , and Jade , are about to start high school . Head girl Meredith Baxter Dimly wants everyone to belong to a clique , and goes about organizing people . She does not like the independent spirit of the four girls and plots to destroy their friendship and make them conform to her pre-fabricated cliques . Cloe is an ace soccer player . She meets Cameron and is instantly smitten . Sasha is recruited as a cheerleader . Jade joins the nerdy kids and meets Dexter and designs great outfits . Yasmin joins the journalist kids . Yasmin meets Dylan , who is deaf but can lip read . The friends begin to drift apart , as they are compelled to stay within their cliques . Two years later , the girls no longer speak to each other . Meredith is organizing a talent show and she engineers it every year so that she can win . Yasmin begins to know Dylan better . Cloe and Cameron like each other , but Meredith likes Cameron as well , and goes out of her way to sabotage their relationship . She sends her dog to mess with Cloe and Cameron . The dog trips Cloe and sends her food flying at Jade . Soon , Sasha and Yasmin get involved , resulting in a food fight , and the four girls end up in detention . Much to Meredith 's distaste , however , the girls repair their damaged relationship and vow to stay together . Meredith prepares for a second " Sweet Sixteen Party " , though no one can come unless they are willing to sit with the clique assigned to them by Meredith . Yasmin , Cloe , Jade , and Sasha , unwilling to break their friendship again , refuse to go . But when Cloe 's mother becomes sick and ca n't make the food for the party , Cloe and her friends take over the job . They are humiliated when their server costumes turn out to be clown suits , but Jade and Sasha turn the outfits into amazing clothes that make everyone at the party take notice . A huge stage has been set up at the party , where Meredith sings . She embarrasses Yasmin but her downfall begins when Yasmin and her friends refuse to serve her . She falls off the back of an elephant she rented for the party , crashes into her birthday cake , and finally plunges into the pool . Humiliated , Meredith calls the girls " brats " . They decide to take the name as their heading , and are known thereafter as BRATZ . The girls deal with their own problems : Sasha copes with her separated parents and wants them to try again ; Cloe and her mother are struggling to make ends meet . Jade is keeping a part of her identity hidden from her parents ; this applies in particular to her overprotective mother . The reason for Yasmin 's shy nature is that she only lives with her grandmother and it is unknown what had happened to her parents.Soon the girls make up after saying sorry . The film ends on a happy note when the girls perform together at the talent show , overpowering Meredith . Meredith wins the trophy , and the girls win the scholarship , which they give to Cloe . The girls are also invited to a red carpet premiere , where they sing while Meredith watches them with binoculars in the distance with her father .
Jayakrishnan negative Hari ; Jayakrishnan neutral Radhika ; Radhika positive Hari <$> The story unfurls itself in the course of a TV game show , much akin to Who Wants to be a Millionaire . Jayakrishnan , the protagonist , comes to take part in the show , hosted by popular filmstar Mukesh . In the course of the show , the host pries into Jayakrishnan ’s past and the whole story is unfurled in flashback . Jayakrishnan , his uncle K. R. Menon and his cousin , Menon ’s daughter Radhika , who is Jayakrishnan ’s sweetheart too , lived together . All of them were lawyers and their house was nicknamed " Kodathi veedu " . Among the lawyers of Kodathi Veedu , Jayakrishnan and his Junior Ponnappan were the only utter . No client ever came in search of Jayakrishnan and he never earned anything . But he decided that he 'd marry Radhika only after he had fought and won a legal battle . So Jayakrishnan , along with Ponnappan , decides to reopen the case of Hari Narayanan ( [ [ Lal , who is locked up in a mental asylum for the past few years . Jayakrishnan , with timely help from Doctor Raziya ( [ [ Manya , his friend , proves in court that Hari Narayanan is not insane and that he was dubbed a mad man by his own brother Raveendran , who wanted to wrest Hari 's property too . It ’s uncle Menon who fights the suit from the other side . Jayakrishnan wins the case . Hari Narayanan is released from the mental asylum . Jayakrishnan is married to Radhika . But the film takes an altogether turn when Jayakrishnan discovers that Hari Narayanan was actually insane . Jayakrishnan is helpless as he was ashamed to expose Hari Narayanan 's insanity . Meanwhile , the insane Hari Narayanan thinks that it was him who married Radhika . Then starts a series of strange happenings after which everybody believes that it is Jayakrishnan who is insane . Meanwhile , Hari Narayanan begins to seek revenge on his brother . He explodes his brother 's factory , which causes a huge financial loss . It was Radhika , who legally offered bail for Hari Narayanan , responsible to repay this amount . Obviously , they were not able to pay and Radhika is in prison for this . It was for her release that Jayakrishnan has come for the TV game show . Everything ends well when he wins the game show and free his sweet - heart .
Hannah neutral Isaac ; Peter negative Sam ; David negative Sam ; Mally negative Sam ; Peter neutral David ; Oz negative Sam ; Hannah positive Sam <$> Samuel North has returned from college to reunite with his girlfriend Hannah Thompson . However on the night he is to have a romantic dinner with her on the banks of a river she does not show up and he is run into the river by a large white van . His soul goes to Hell , aka " The Pit " , where he is tormented by the worst memories of his life , such as being bullied , finding his parents murdered and the regretful taxi ride which took him from Hannah to college . However , he experiences only a moment of torment before being rescued by other people who have found a way out . He escapes and wakes up along with the other escapees in a hospital , where he learns that Hannah did not return home the previous night and he is a suspect for her disappearance . Before he can find out anymore the three bounty hunters dispatched from hell to retrieve them appear and only Sam and two others escape . The duo , Mally and Oz , have both escaped numerous times only to be caught and brought back . They explain that two of the three bounty hunters are Switchers , who need to switch from dead body to body when their host body is killed . However their leader , a Changer , does not need to change unless into its native demonic form . They escape to a motel filled with escapees , all scarred by the Mark of the Damned , which is how the Reapers track them . Mally and Oz originally plan to escape to Mexico however Sam decides to find Hannah . Mally wants to flee to Mexico however Oz wants to help Sam find Hannah , believing that helping him may be their ticket to Redemption and out of The Pit for good . Mally relents and the trio go to the bar where Hannah worked and Sam discovers Hannah was constantly being sexually harassed by a regular named Isaac and that one of Hannah 's friends told Isaac that Hannah was reporting him to the police . She further explains that Isaac followed Hannah out to her car and did n't return home that night . The trio find Hannah 's car in the woods near the river and a dead body next to it . Sam 's police friend Peter informs him the dead body was John Rice , who drove a white van . However he was pulled over and stabbed to death and his white van was hijacked . Later that night while picking up a few items from his brother , David , Sam is shot at by a man in the white van and his brother is injured . After dropping David off at an Emergency room he breaks into Isaac 's house and interrogates him only to receive a truthful answer that Isaac left Hannah alone . Sam returns to the motel just before it is attacked by the Reapers . Although many escapees are killed and sent back to The Pit they succeed in sending one Switcher back to Hell . However , Mally and Oz , tired of fighting , decide to leave for Mexico . But before they can leave Sam tells them the sin for which he went to Hell : Murder . Despite this Oz and Mally leave Sam alone to fight the Reapers . Later on Sam is attacked by the Reapers however manages to send another Switcher back to Hell . Meanwhile Hannah 's body is found in a river by a couple and the search is called off . David meanwhile is let out of the hospital and Peter offers to drive him home . On the way he sees the white van and finds the driver has entered a motel . Before he can call in backup however David shoots and kills him and confronts the man in the white van . It is revealed that David hired the man to kill Hannah and Sam . He berates him for being careless and not burying the body and ditching the van . The man however forces David to arrange a meeting at the Church between him and Sam . They meet and it is revealed the man is William Cain , the man who murdered Sam 's parents and as revenge Sam killed him as he was trying to escape . William also escaped from Hell and offered to kill Sam and Hannah so that David could claim the inheritance , as their parent 's will left everything to Sam and Sam 's will left everything to Hannah . However before Will can kill Sam the final Reaper , the Changer , arrives and attacks both of them and kills William , but not before he tells Sam that David hired him to kill him . Now in its natural form the Changer nearly kills Sam before being killed by Mally and Oz , who have returned . Oz confesses that Sam did n't escape by accident and was in fact broken out by Oz , who is a Guardian Angel . He offers to take Sam down to Mexico however Sam stays to confront his brother . David admits not only to having Will kill Sam and Hannah but also having their parents murdered by him because he was jealous of his parents ' treatment of Sam as well as for the inheritance money . Following their argument Sam is shot by David however in a brief struggle Sam gains the upper hand and spares his brother only to be shot in the back as he is leaving . As the police arrive to arrest David , Sam has the opportunity to fire back at David , however he instead spends his final moments staring at a picture of him and Hannah happily together . For this act Sam gains redemption for his previous sin and when he dies he awakes in heaven with Hannah , where they spend the rest of eternity happily ever after .
Ben negative Gordon <$> In A Dry White Season , Donald Sutherland portrays the character of Ben Du Toit , a South African school teacher . The story takes place in 1976 , around the Soweto Riots , during the Apartheid system that lasted from 1948 until 1994 . The story begins when a gardener at Ben 's school , a black man named Gordon , seeks his help while investigating the death of his son during the Riots . Like many South African whites , Ben refuses to get involved in the racial divides that have been tearing the country apart , thinking that Gordon 's claims against the white minority government are unfounded . Things change when Ben sees firsthand the brutality by his own race against blacks , particularly when he sees the dead body of Gordon at the morgue not long after being tortured at the hands of the secret , corrupt government police . Gordon 's wife , Emily , is also killed later , and also under suspicious circumstances . Upset by this turn of events , Ben retains Ian Mackenzie , a human rights attorney , to assist him with the case . Ben 's political awakening is so complete by this time that his crusade to bring those responsible for the deaths of Gordon and his family members eventually take their toll on his own family . Eventually , Ben Du Toit pays the ultimate price for standing up to a corrupt government for basic human rights and equality .
Romeo positive Jonny ; Jonny positive Lena <$> Jonny , an awkward painting student , is “ banished ” by his instructor to the remote island of Eleuthera to focus on his work and find his voice . But first he finds Romeo , a handsome , self - confident guy who shows Jonny the scenic spots … and a bit more . Romeo ’s got a girlfriend , however , as well as a blustery mother who willfully ignores any clue or hint he drops to set her straight . Meanwhile , Lena , a pastor ’s wife has also made her way to this distant spot to contemplate her future in relative calm . Tired of her husband spouting high - and - mighty , anti-gay rhetoric at rallies , while refusing to own up to the cruelty and contradictions in his private life , Lena has a decision to make . Children of God " is the religious expression used by Christians to refer to human divinity as being all God 's Children . Four Bahamian individuals who set out on a journey from the frenetic energy of Nassau to the slower - paced and open Eleuthera . The year is 2004 when the Caribbean world is rocked by the emergence of Rosie O'Donnell 's gay family cruise ship . Actual documentary footage details the mass hysteria that divides the Caribbean as some fundamentalists lead widespread rallies . Jonny , a young obsessive - compulsive suicidal white Bahamian artist , faces losing his scholarship at a local University if he does not live up to the potential his professors believe he has . Jonny escapes from his gritty inner - city life in Nassau to the under populated and dramatic Bahamian island of Eleuthera . Here he decides to paint his ' masterpiece ' and then kill himself . Lena Mackey is an extremely conservative forty year old anti-gay activist who upon finding out that her husband is not who he represents himself to be . She believes that the only way to fix problems in her life is to limit the rights of homosexuals . She heads to Eleuthera for the purpose of galvanizing the community to oppose gay rights . When Jonny arrives he and Lena paths cross and together these two embark on a series of physical and emotional adventures that not only inspire Jonny to paint but gives him a new zest for life .
Emma neutral Sarah ; Karen neutral Sarah ; Emma neutral Karen ; Karen negative Hanks ; Emma negative Mary ; Carlton negative Hanks ; Carlton negative Emma <$> In 1913 , in Carlton , Pennsylvania , the cruel owner of the Carlton mine exploits poor immigrant children . In order to excavate a new shaft quickly , he employs a dynamite charge , but the explosion causes the mine to collapse , burying a large group of the children alive . Following his later trial for wilfully causing the death of his workers , Carlton is acquitted and the mine closed down . In present day , eighty years later , Karen Tunny has just lost her husband after a long period of terminal disease and has inherited his birthhome near the since - abandoned Carlton mine . She moves to the house with her daughters , Sarah and Emma . The three stop by the local market for supplies and are told by Walter , the shopkeeper , that he does n't deliver to the area they live in . While driving , Karen has a near miss with a man crossing the road . She exits the car , looking for the man , but he 's nowhere to be found . They arrive at the house and Sarah points out the blood on the door while Karen declares it 's just " paint . " When Emma hears children giggling , she leaves the house , following the sound of it . Karen goes out looking for Emma and finds her in an old mine . As they try to find their way back to the house , it becomes nightfall and they get lost . They find a house , which is occupied by Hanks , and enter . Karen is advised by Hanks to stay at home during the night , and he also tells her that there is no need to thank him for the blood smeared on his and the Tunny 's door . William Carlton , the last surviving heir of the Carlton estate , which has owned the mine since 1913 , is hungrily devouring property and kicking people off his own property . Meanwhile , the zombie children begin to kill , which is dismissed among the community as disappearances , though it is hinted that most of the community is aware of the presence of the children . As it turns out , the Tunnys and Hanks , are relatives of the zombie children , who leave blood relatives alive while killing all others . Emma , who has had friendly contact with a less - violent zombie named Mary , informs her mother that the zombies wo n't eat her , and that Mary would not directly hurt her mother , but passes on the warning that the other children might . Karen finds some old family photo albums in the basement that contain pictures of her late husband , as well as the Tunny and Hanks children who died in the mine disaster , thus revealing that the family is related to some of the children who had died . Karen and Sarah leave the house to go look for Emma . As they exit the mine , not being able to find Emma , they become surrounded by a dozen of the children . They escape , with the children pursuing them , and find a car passing through with Carlton inside . They enter , telling him to drive , but the tires are slashed before they can pull away . Karen and Sarah run to Hanks ' house , unsure of what to do . Soon enough , Karen figures out that Hanks ' blood has a supposed repellent effect on the zombie children . As both Hanks and Carlton attempt to shoot the children , they realize the bullets are ineffective , and run to the barn . Hanks realizes that , as he and Emma are direct blood relatives , it turns out Mary has an older brother that 's also a Tunny , and Karen is in some way protected by Emma 's relationship with Mary . The children are really after Carlton , as they blame his family for the mining accident that killed them . After Carlton is killed by the children , Emma remarks that they wo n't be hurting anyone anymore . At the end , the Tunny family drives away and reveals that the house has not been sold . Now , Mary lives in the house , with the bear that Emma gave her .
Connor positive Neyman ; Louise negative Shield ; Ramirez positive Katana ; Louise positive Connor ; Ramirez neutral Connor ; Connor positive Katana ; Katana negative Blake <$> In August 1994 , news broadcasts announce that the ozone layer is fading , and will be completely gone in a matter of months . In Africa , millions have perished from the effects of unfiltered sunlight . Among the dead is Connor MacLeod ’s wife , Brenda Wyatt MacLeod . Before dying , Brenda extracts a promise from Connor that he will solve the problem of the ozone layer . By 1999 , Connor becomes the supervisor of a scientific team headed by Dr. Allan Neyman , which attempts to create an electromagnetic shield to cover the planet , and protect it from the Sun ’s radiation . The team succeeds , in effect giving Earth an artificial ozone layer . Connor and Neyman are proud to have saved humanity , and believe they will be remembered for a thousand years . Unfortunately , the shield has the side effect of condemning the planet to a state of constant night , a high average global temperature and high humidity . By 2024 , the years of darkness have caused humanity to lose hope and fall into a decline . The shield has fallen under the control of the Shield Corporation . The corporation ’s current chief executive , David Blake , is focused on profit , and is imposing fees for the corporation ’s services . A number of terrorist groups have begun trying to take down the Shield , among them Louise Marcus , a former employee of the Shield Corporation . Meanwhile , Connor MacLeod , now a frail old man , expects to eventually die of natural causes . As he watches a performance of Wagner ’s Götterdämmerung , an image of Juan Sanchez Villa - Lobos Ramirez appears , and induces Connor to recall a forgotten event of his past . On the planet Zeist , a last meeting is held between the members of a rebellion against the rule of General Katana . The rebellion ’s leader , Ramirez , chooses " a man of great destiny " from among them — Connor — to carry out a mission against Katana . At this moment , Katana and his troops attack , crushing the rebellion . Katana orders his men to capture Ramirez and Connor alive , and kill the rest of the rebels . The two captives are put on trial by Zeist ’s priests , who sentence them to be exiled and reborn on Earth in pursuit of " The Prize . " Winning the Prize gives the victor the choice to either grow old and die on Earth , or to return to Zeist . It is worth noting that alternate cuts of the film have these events transpire in Earth 's distant past rather than on Zeist . Katana is unsatisfied with their decision , but the sentence is executed , leading to the events of the original 1986 film . Back in 2024 , Louise Marcus discovers that the ozone layer has in fact restored itself naturally , which means that the shield is no longer needed . The Shield Corporation is aware of this development , but has chosen to hide it from the general public , in order to maintain its main source of profit . Meanwhile , on Zeist , Katana decides that Connor can not be allowed to return , and sends his immortal henchmen , Corda and Reno , to kill him . Louise manages to reach Connor first , and asks for his help in taking down the Shield . To Louise ’s disappointment , she finds the passionate person she once admired has grown into a tired old man . Connor explains to Louise that he is dying , and expresses his disapproval of terrorism . Before Connor and Louise can finish their conversation , Corda and Reno attack . Connor manages to decapitate them both . Connor then absorbs their energy during the Quickening and regains his youthful appearance . In the process , Connor summons Ramirez back to life . In Glencoe , Scotland &mdash; the location of his death in the first Highlander film &mdash; Ramirez is revived . He finds himself on a theatrical stage during a performance of William Shakespeare ’s Hamlet . Meanwhile , Connor has found a new lover in Louise Marcus . He attempts unsuccessfully to explain to her the concepts of his immortality . Elsewhere , General Katana arrives in New York , the scene of The Gathering and begins wreaking havoc . Both Ramirez and Katana soon adapt to their new environment . Ramirez ’s earring is apparently valuable enough to pay both for a new suit he acquires from the finest and oldest tailor ’s shop in Scotland , and for an airplane ticket to New York City . Katana finds New York much to his liking . After entertaining himself for a while , Katana encounters Connor at a church . Since immortals are forbidden from fighting on holy ground , they do not fight each other , but Connor expresses rage at being immortal once again . Soon thereafter , Connor is contacted by Ramirez . The latter joins Connor and Louise in their plan to take down the Shield . Katana , expecting this , forges an uneasy alliance with David Blake . Blake mentions that shutting down the planetary shield would require so much energy that the planet would be destroyed . The conflict between the two sets of allies eventually leads to the deaths of Dr. Allan Neyman , Ramirez , David Blake and General Katana himself . Connor succeeds in taking down the Shield by using the combined energies of his final Quickening from General Katana . Louise sees the stars for the first time in her life . Connor then claims The Prize by returning to Zeist with Louise .
Madhu negative Kishan <$> Kishan a college student is taught a lesson in humility by fellow student , Madhu . He undergoes a dramatic change in outlook and falls in love with her . But his joy is short - lived as Kapilkumar ( Danny Denzongpa kills Madhu and Kishan is devastated . He then starts practsing medicine in a small village where he meets Chanchal , who looks same as Madhu . Both are drawn towards each other but a problem lies ahead for them .
Bud negative Daisy <$> Bud Clay , a motorcycle racer , undertakes a cross-country drive , following a race in New Hampshire , in order to participate in a race in California . All the while he is haunted by memories of his former lover , Daisy . On his journey he meets three women , but is unable to form an emotional connection with any of them . He first meets Violet at a gas station in New Hampshire and convinces her to join him on his trip to California . They stop at her home in order to get her clothes , but he drives off as soon as she enters the house . Bud 's next stop is at Daisy 's parents ' home , the location of Daisy 's brown bunny . Daisy 's mother does not remember Bud , who grew up in the house next door , nor does she remember having visited Bud and Daisy in California . Next , Bud stops at a pet shelter , where he asks about the life expectancy of rabbits . At a highway rest stop , he joins a distressed woman , Lilly , comforts and kisses her , before starting to cry and eventually leaving her . Bud appears more distressed as the road trip continues , crying as he drives . He stops at the Bonneville Speedway to race his motorcycle . In Las Vegas , he drives around prostitutes on street corners , before deciding to ask one of them , Rose , to join him for a lunch . She eats McDonald 's food in his truck until he stops , pays her , and leaves her back on the street . After having his motorcycle checked in a bike shop in Los Angeles , Bud stops at Daisy 's home , which appears abandoned . He leaves a note on the door frame , after sitting in his truck in the driveway remembering about kissing Daisy in this place and checks in at a hotel . There , Daisy eventually appears . She seems nervous , going to the bathroom twice to smoke crack cocaine , while Bud waits for her , sitting on his bed . As she proposes to go out to buy something to drink , Bud tells her that , because of what happened the last time they saw each other , he does n't drink anymore . They have an argument about Daisy kissing other boys . At this point , Bud undresses Daisy and she performs an apparently unsimulated fellatio on him , culminating in her swallowing his semen . Once done , he insults her as they lie in bed , talking about what happened during their last meeting . Bud continuously asks Daisy why she had been involved with some men at a party . She explains that she was just being friendly and wanted to smoke pot with them . Bud becomes upset because Daisy was pregnant and it transpires that the baby died as a result of what happened at this party . Through flashback scenes , the viewer understands that Daisy was raped at the party , a scene witnessed by Bud , who did not intervene . Bud explains to her that he did not know what to do and decided to leave the party . As he came back , he saw an ambulance in front of the house and Daisy explains to Bud that she is dead , having passed out prior to the rape and then choked to death on her own vomit . Bud awakens the next morning , alone ; his encounter with Daisy was a figment of his imagination . The movie ends as Bud is driving his truck in California .
Oberon neutral Leo ; Leo positive Ari ; Calima negative Leo ; Pericles neutral Leo ; Leo negative Thade <$> In 2029 , aboard the United States Air Force space station Oberon , Leo Davidson works closely with primates who are trained for space missions . His favorite simian co-worker is a chimpanzee named Pericles . With a deadly electromagnetic storm approaching the station , a small space pod piloted by Pericles is used to probe the storm . Pericles 's pod heads into the storm and disappears . Against his commanding officer 's orders , Leo takes a second pod and goes in pursuit of Pericles . Entering the storm , Leo loses contact with the Oberon and crashes on a planet called Ashlar in the year 5021 . He discovers that the world is ruled by humanoid apes who can speak human language and treat human beings as slaves . Leo comes across a female chimpanzee named Ari , who protests the awful treatment humans receive . Ari decides to buy Leo and a female slave named Daena to have them work as servants in the house of her father , Senator Sandar ( [ [ David Warner . Leo escapes his cage and frees other humans . Ari sees them , but Leo manages to convince Ari to join a human rebellion against the apes . General Thade and Colonel Attar march ape warriors in pursuit of the humans . Leo discovers Calima , a forbidden , but holy , site for the apes . Calima turns out to be the remains of the Oberon , Leo 's space station , which has crashed on the planet 's surface and looks ancient . According to the computer logs , the station has been there for thousands of years . Leo deduces that when he entered the vortex he was pushed forward in time , while the Oberon , searching after him , was not , crashing on the planet long before he did . The Oberon { { ' } } s log reveals that the apes on board , led by Semos , organized a mutiny and took control of the vessel after it crashed . The human and ape survivors of the struggle left the ship and their descendants are the people Leo has encountered since landing . In the present , a battle ensues between the humans and the apes . A familiar vehicle descends from the sky and is identified immediately by Leo as the pod piloted by Pericles , the chimp astronaut . Pericles was pushed forward in time as Leo was , and had just now found his way to the planet . When Pericles lands , the apes interpret his landing as the return arrival of Semos , the first ape , who is their god . They bow , and hostilities between humans and apes disappear . Pericles then runs into the Oberon and Leo runs after him , followed by General Thade . Inside , Thade and Leo wrestle , with Pericles trying to help Leo , only to be thrown hard against a wall . Thade gets hold of Leo 's gun , trying to figure out how to discharge the gun and appears to want to shoot Leo . Seeing that Thade is in the pilot 's deck , Leo closes the automatic door of the entrance , trapping Thade as he shoots the gun , the bullets ricocheting off harmlessly . Leo decides it is time for him to leave the Planet of the Apes , so he gives Pericles to Ari , with her promising to look after him , also saying farewell to Daena . Leo climbs aboard Pericles 's undamaged pod and uses it to travel back in time through the same electromagnetic storm . Leo crashes in Washington , D.C. on Earth in his own time . He looks up to see the Lincoln Memorial is now a monument in honor of General Thade . A swarm of police officers , firefighters , and news reporters descend on Leo , but on closer inspection , they are all apes .
Clary negative Yin <$> Maggie plays Clary who rents a room in a Chinese flat . Terence Yin from " Lara Croft Tomb Raider " plays the romantic lead who is transferred into this Chinese town . The landlord , the cop & Clary set up a scam to scare Yin out of the house by making him believe it is haunted so they can rent it again . Yin moves to his Aunt 's house who also sets up a scam of accusing him of taking advantage his cousin so she can have an excuse to boot him out of the house . With nowhere to go , he returns to his flat to discover the first scam . Yin 's buddies set up retro - scam and pretend to take advantage of Q . She then scams the scammers , which results in Yin taking care of a catatonic Clary . After the plot bounces back & forth a few times , the frame freezes just as Yin leans in for the big kiss .
Rusty neutral Rubin <$> Rusty , played by Shawn Hatosy , and Dallas , played by Caan , are best friends , in their mid-20 's . Their main source of income is collecting small debts for a local crime boss , Bear . Rusty 's mother , played by Kelly Lynch , is constantly bailing them out of jail , stitching their cuts , and trying desperately to get them to change their ways , but ca n't seem to break them out of this destructive pattern . Desperate to help her son , she persuades Rusty to begin sessions with the therapist she is dating , Bob . Around the same time that Rusty is making up his mind to go back to Texas to compete in rodeos , Dallas is presented the opportunity to be the driver for " Rubin the Roofer " , where there is supposedly $ 50,000 to be had , of which he will get $ 20,000 . But he has to put $ 1,000 up front for Rubin , to ensure he does n't get scared and flee . In the search to collect the $ 1,000 , Dallas attempts to borrow $ 300 from Christian , one of the men they collect money from for Bear . Christian refuses to loan Dallas the money , so Dallas offers to rob Bear with Christian , telling Christian he knows for a fact that there is $ 150,000 to be had , as long as he gives him the $ 300 . Christian ends up overhearing Dallas tell Rusty that he wo n't go through with the plan with Christian , but will still do the job with Rubin . Christian follows Dallas and Rubin on their robbery job , and it turns out that they are robbing Bear . After Rubin goes inside , Dallas decides to go after him to get the proper share of the $ 150,000 . They end up getting killed trying to rob Bear . In the end , Rusty goes to Texas , and rodeos like he wanted to . On the bus ride to Texas , Rusty sees a sign that says " Dallas 362 " , the title of the film .
Helen positive Madeline ; Ernest negative Madeline <$> In 1978 , the narcissistic , manipulative actress Madeline Ashton performs in " Songbird " — an ill - conceived musical version of Sweet Bird of Youth by Tennessee Williams — on Broadway . Following her performance , Madeline invites her long - time rival Helen Sharp , an aspiring writer , backstage , along with her fiancé , plastic surgeon Ernest Menville . Ernest is visibly smitten with Madeline , which worries Helen , who has lost other men to Madeline in the past . Although Ernest reassures Helen there is nothing going on between him and Madeline , he soon breaks off his engagement with Helen and weds Madeline . Seven years later , Helen has been committed to a psychiatric hospital after becoming fixated upon Madeline . Obese and depressed , Helen is encouraged to " erase [ Madeline ] from [ her ] mind " in order to move on . Helen feigns rehabilitation and is released , all the while plotting revenge on Madeline . After an additional seven years , Madeline continues to live well financially in Beverly Hills with Ernest , but the two are miserable in their marriage . Madeline 's career is all but over , and Ernest is an alcoholic reduced to working only as a reconstructive mortician . Following the receipt of an invitation to a party later that evening celebrating Helen 's new book , Madeline rushes to a spa where she regularly receives extensive facial treatments . Understanding the urgency of Madeline 's situation , the spa owner gives her the business card of Lisle von Rhoman , a woman who specializes in beauty and youth rejuvenation . Madeline dismisses the spa owner 's advice and returns home to prepare for the party . Madeline and Ernest attend the book - signing party for Helen 's novel Forever Young and discover that Helen is now thin and youthful looking . Dumbfounded and depressed by Helen 's new appearance , Madeline goes to see her young lover but discovers he is spending the evening with a woman his own age . Dejected , Madeline re-discovers Lisle 's business card and drives to her home . There , Lisle is revealed as a mysterious , wealthy socialite who appears to be in her thirties . However , Lisle discloses her true age as 71 , and reveals to Madeline the secret of her beauty : a potion that promises eternal life and an ever - lasting youthful appearance . Madeline purchases and drinks the potion and is returned to her youthful form . However , as a condition of purchase , Madeline must disappear from public life after ten years in order to keep the existence of the potion a secret . Lisle also warns Madeline to take good care of her body . Meanwhile , Helen has seduced Ernest and convinced him to kill Madeline , intending to drug her and fake a drunk - driving accident , which will then free Ernest from Madeline and allow him to wed Helen . However , when Madeline returns home , she and Ernest have an argument , during which Madeline falls down the stairs and breaks her neck . Believing Madeline to be dead , Ernest phones Helen for advice , not noticing as Madeline slowly stands and approaches him with her head now twisted backwards . Horrified , Ernest assumes that she has a seriously dislocated neck and drives her to the emergency room . After losing consciousness in the emergency room , Madeline is taken to the morgue due to her body having no pulse and a temperature below 80 ° . After rescuing Madeline , Ernest takes the sign of her " resurrection " as a miracle , returns home with Madeline and uses all his skills to repair the damage to her body . Helen later arrives at her mansion , demanding information about Madeline 's situation . Overhearing Helen and Ernest re-discussing their earlier plot to stage Madeline 's death as an accident , Madeline confronts Helen and then shoots her with a double - barreled shotgun . However , although the blast causes a gaping basketball - sized hole in her stomach , Helen does not die . She and Madeline both realize they drank the same potion . The pair scheme to have Ernest also drink the potion in order to prevent him from going to authorities , but also to ensure he is available to maintain their bodies . After bringing Ernest to Lisle , she makes an impassioned argument for immortality and offers to give him the potion free of charge . Ernest refuses , stating he 'd rather live his own life and die rather than spend an eternity with only Madeline and Helen for company and no way to escape . He pockets the potion and attempts to flee , but during his escape becomes trapped on the roof . After slipping and becoming stuck on a rain gutter , held up only by his suspenders , Helen and Madeline implore Ernest to drink the potion in order to survive the impending fall . Ernest refuses , drops the potion , and seemingly falls to his death . However , Ernest survives the fall , crashing through a glass skylight and landing in Lisle 's pool , and escapes . After Lisle effectively excommunicates Madeline and Helen from her group , the pair realize they must now rely on each other for companionship and maintenance for the remainder of their " lives " . Thirty - seven years later , Madeline and Helen attend Ernest 's funeral , where he is eulogized as having lived an adventurous and fulfilling life . The two realize Ernest accomplished much more during his lifetime than they are ever likely to in immortality . The two bicker as they leave Ernest 's funeral , upon which it is revealed they are now horrified mutations of their former past , with cracked , peeling paint and putty now covering most of their grey and rotting flesh . While walking , Helen accidentally trips on a can of spray paint Madeline had earlier dropped , leaving her precariously teetering at the top of a staircase . After deliberately hesitating to help her companion , Helen grabs Madeline and the two tumble down the stairs , literally breaking to pieces as they crash to the bottom . As their disembodied heads roll and totter together , Helen sardonically asks Madeline , " Do you remember where you parked the car ? "
Carl negative Sam ; Molly negative Sam ; Willie negative Sam ; Oda negative Sam ; Oda positive Willie <$> Sam Wheat , a banker , and Molly Jensen , a talented potter , are a loving couple who move into a New York City apartment . At work , Sam discovers a major discrepancy in a couple of bank accounts , and confides in his good friend and colleague , Carl Bruner . Carl offers to investigate the matter , but Sam decides to investigate himself . Later that night , Sam and Molly are attacked by armed thug Willie Lopez and Sam is killed by a gunshot during a struggle with Willie . Sam 's ghost arises from his dead body , which lies next to the distraught Molly ; he gradually realizes that he is a ghost whose presence can not be seen or heard . One day , Sam is alone at the apartment when Willie comes in , looking for something . Sam is unable to stop the killer but spooks Molly 's cat , Floyd , causing Willie to get scratched and flee . Sam follows the killer to his place in Brooklyn , and hears that he will return to Molly 's house . He also meets Oda Mae Brown , a local con - artist posing as a medium and realizes she can hear him , although Oda Mae had been faking her abilities until then . He persuades Oda Mae to tell Molly that she is in danger , but Molly is disbelieving and Carl later convinces Molly that Oda Mae is a fraud preying on her grief . Molly talks to the police about her concerns but they confirm that Oda Mae is a known confidence trickster with a lengthy record whereas Willie Lopez has none . Sam discovers that Carl was involved in a money laundering scheme at the bank and that the attack was an attempt by Carl to acquire Sam 's security codes , so he could transfer the money from the many accounts to one at another bank . He learns how to move solid objects by willpower from an aggressive New York City subway poltergeist . He persuades Oda Mae to thwart Carl 's money laundering scheme . Following his instructions , Oda Mae impersonates the owner of Carl 's fake bank account , closes the account , and gives its $ 4 million contents to a homeless shelter . Carl , due to transfer the money to a correspondent bank overseas , becomes desperate when he finds the account closed and empty . Sam taunts him in the deserted office by moving objects and making accusations appear on his computer screen , typing MURDERER , then his name , making it repeat . Carl visits Molly and declares to Sam that he will kill Molly unless the money is returned that evening . He and Willie then go to Oda Mae 's apartment to find her . Sam manages to get there first and warns Oda Mae and her two sisters , who quickly escape and take refuge in a neighbor 's apartment . Sam uses his powers to separate and distract Carl and Willie , who are ransacking Oda Mae 's apartment in search of the money . Horrified by the experience , Willie flees and is killed in a traffic accident . Willie 's ghost arises , sees his body and is told by Sam , he 's dead . A group of howling demons emerge from shadows of ordinary things and pull a screaming Willie into the shadows , while Sam watches in horror . It is implied they take him to some kind of Hell . Afterwards , Sam and Oda Mae return to Molly 's apartment to warn her about Carl , but she refuses to let her in and breaks down in grief . Sam finally convinces her that Oda Mae is genuine and he is truly present as a ghost by having her push a penny underneath the front door and Sam levitating it in front of Molly . Astonished , Molly lets Ode Mae inside and while waiting for the police , Sam uses Oda Mae 's body to share a final dance with Molly . Carl arrives , prepared to murder Molly and Oda Mae , but they flee . Sam is left momentarily weakened , as possession wipes a ghost out . In the storage room , Carl manages to get a hold of Oda Mae and threatens to kill her , but Molly comes to her aid and holds Carl off long enough for Oda Mae to escape his grasp . Carl grabs Molly and hold her at gunpoint for the money but is unsuccessful and as Sam recovers he is able to disarm Carl and attack him . As Carl attempts to flee through a plate glass window , he flings a scaffolding hook in Sam 's direction which swings back and partially shatters the glass in the upper part of the window ; the window slides down and kills Carl as he climbs out . Carl becomes a ghost himself much to his astonishment and to Sam 's grief . Sam then watches in silence as the shadowy demons arrive and drag a screaming Carl away into the darkness . As Sam goes to Oda Mae and Molly and asks if they are all right , Molly suddenly realizes that she can hear him . A heavenly light fills the room and Sam becomes fully visible to both Molly and Oda Mae . Sam looks behind him and sees hundreds of people , presumably angels , in a portal to Heaven . His task is completed and he can move on . Sam says an emotional farewell to Molly , thanks Oda Mae for her help , and departs to the afterlife .
Hailstone negative Herman ; Herman neutral Gilda ; Hailstone negative Moronica <$> At the estate of King Herman the 6 ⅞ , the deposed king of Moronica , war profiteers Ixnay , Amscray and Umpchay have decided that they have had enough of Moe Hailstone , the fascist dictator they put in power , and want to help Herman retake the throne . To this end , he sends his daughter , the princess Gilda to try and assassinate Hailstone using an explosive pool ball strategically positioned in Hailstone 's billiard table . The fictitious country of Moronica seems to be familiar with a pool game in which the 13 ball is placed at the head of the rack during set up . Dictator Moe Hailstone of Moronica enjoys a shave , and fights Field Marshal Herring and Minister of Propaganda for a turkey . The winner of that battle is a picture of Napoleon who grabs the bird from the bewildered Stooges . Gilda enters , and shows the Stooges a glimpse through a telescope of all three of them on a spit roasting in Hell and starts to place in Hailstone 's mind the idea that his allies , the " Axel " partners , are plotting against him . After doing this she replaces the 13 ball on Hailstone 's pool table with an exploding No. 13 ball and flees as Hailstone begins a pool game with his partners . Throughout the game , the cue ball inexplicably defies the laws of physics , avoiding the exploding ball by swerving around it and finally jumping over it , colliding with Herring 's head . Later , the Axel partners arrive for a meeting . The partners consist of Chiselini , the Bey of Rum ; an unnamed Japanese delegate ; and an unnamed Russian delegate . As the meeting breaks into chaos following Hailstone 's declaration that the world belongs to him , the Stooges go into action on the other delegates and each other . Finally , with all the other Axels delegates defeated , Hailstone orders Herring to surrender the globe they had fought over . Herring refuses and smashes it over Hailstone 's head , sending him into a tantrum . Herring , finally having enough of Hailstone 's patronizing antics , yells at Hailstone as he grabs the exploding ball and throws it against the floor in frustration , blowing up the meeting room . Herman regains his throne and the trio 's heads are shown mounted on a wall .
Johnny neutral her ; Hervé neutral her ; Narcisse negative her ; she neutral her ; George positive her ; Hervé negative Johnny <$> In 1889 , young Englishwoman Vicky Barton and her brother Johnny arrive in Paris to see the Exposition Universelle . This is Vicky 's first time in Paris , and after checking into a hotel , she drags her tired brother to dinner and the famous Moulin Rouge . She finally retires for the night , while Johnny has a late - night drink . When English painter George Hathaway drops off his girlfriend , Rhoda O'Donovan , and her mother at the hotel , he asks Johnny for change for a 100 franc note to pay a carriage driver ; Johnny loans him 50 francs and gives him his name and room number . The next morning , Vicky finds a blank wall where Johnny 's room used to be . When she questions hotel owner and manager Madame Hervé , the latter claims she arrived alone . The room number now adorns the common bathroom . Madame Hervé 's brother Narcisse and the day porter back up her story . Frantic , Vicky goes to see the British consul , followed secretly by Narcisse . She has no proof of her brother 's existence , so the consul can only suggest she find a witness , Nina , the hotel maid who attended her . Nina had informed her that she was going up in a balloon with her boyfriend at the Exposition that day , so the consul takes her there . Tragically , she is too late . Before she can talk to Nina , the balloon ascends , bursts into flames , and plummets to the ground , killing the two passengers . Vicky tries the French police commissaire . He questions Madame Hervé and her brother , but can find nothing amiss in their story . Since her room has been reserved for only two nights , Vicky has to leave the hotel . Madame Hervé offers her a ticket home to England , which she is forced to accept , as she has little money left . However , unbeknownst to either party , Rhoda O'Donovan has been asked by George Hathaway to deliver a letter containing his loan repayment to Johnny . Not finding his room , Rhoda slips the envelope under Vicky 's door , where she finds it . Vicky goes to see George . When he confirms having met her brother , she bursts into tears . He offers his assistance . George notices there are six balconies , but only five rooms on the floor , and finds the missing hotel room , the entrance having been covered over to be part of the wall . Under questioning by the police , Madame Hervé reveals where Johnny has been taken . It turns out that he became sick with the Black Plague during the night . The news would have been disastrous for the Exposition , so he was secretly taken away to a hospital . George brings along Doctor Hart , who tells Vicky her brother has a chance of living .
Jenny negative Tariq <$> The film opens at a Rotary Club function to honor the recently retired Justice Jyotin Chatterjee . The judge has served the profession all his life with honor and spotless integrity . As he is about to retire , he recognizes there will now be a void in his life . His wife remarks to reporters that neither he nor she knows what he would do after he retires . Retired life is not easy for the aging judge . The younger generation is bolder and quicker than he was in his time . He is invited as the guest of honor at many functions . But he finds that his stump speech about the venerable and time - tested legal profession falls flat . The youngsters wish to know when the law will relax its grip on their issues . The judge admits that love makes the world go round and urges the youngsters to enjoy their youth but to do so responsibly . The judge also agrees to a suggestion from his family and visits Joggers Park to get some exercise . He finds that the Park moves at the pace of its younger regulars , much too quickly for him . He wonders if he will ever catch up . Around this time he meets Jenny Suratwala at Joggers Park . Jenny is a young and vivacious freelance model and event planner . One of his speeches had made an impression on her young mind , and she wishes to learn more about him . They become friends . As their friendship deepens , they discover a new world in each other . Jenny learns from the judge 's vast experiences , and the judge uses her perspectives to enter and appreciate the younger generation . Jenny brings an element of need . She is faced with a legal problem around the ownership of her late father 's apartment , and the judge helps her fight and win her case . The friendship deepens . The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her . She , too , pines for him when they are apart . Around this time , some of Jenny 's younger male colleagues are perturbed by this relationship . It thwarts them from pursuing Jenny , and it is not socially acceptable because of the conspicuous age difference . They resolve to find a way to end it , and settle on stalking the couple and taking pictures of their intimate moments . On one occasion , Jenny discovers them taking pictures , and she angrily berates them and destroys some of the pictures . Jenny finally admits she is in love with the judge . Meanwhile , the judge is faced with a family problem of his own . His son has been caught having an affair . His daughter exposes the incident and asks the judge , the vanguard of honor , to deliver judgement . The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family . The family honor comes first . Jenny has an upcoming birthday . One of her friends is planning the party . She invites the judge to attend the party and openly profess his love for her . If he truly meant his speeches , then he must act accordingly and express his feelings without fear or remorse . On the day of the party , a strange man shows up at the judge 's house . He is Tariq Ahmed , the editor and publisher of a local tabloid . Jenny 's jealous colleagues brought the photos to his tabloid , and Tariq intercepted them just in time to avoid publication . It turns out that Tariq owes a debt of gratitude to the judge for having helped him with a difficult case several years ago . He turns the photos over to the judge 's daughter . The daughter confronts the judge . This incident also involves the family honor . The judge is compelled to end his relationship with Jenny . Several years later , the judge runs into Jenny at the airport . Jenny is now married and has a child . They greet each other warmly and Jenny introduces him to her husband . They fondly remember their previous association as the film ends .
Wade negative Sam ; Buddy positive Sam ; Sam negative Pilar ; Army negative Otis <$> In the film 's opening scene , two off - duty soldiers exploring the desert shooting range near their Army base find a partially buried human skeleton . Sam Deeds ( [ [ Chris Cooper , the Sheriff of Rio County , is called to the scene and arranges for a forensic examination . It soon appears that the remains are those of Charlie Wade , who had been sheriff forty years earlier . Wade , a notoriously corrupt and violent man , had disappeared after a public confrontation with Buddy Deeds , Sam 's late father and one of Wade 's deputies . Buddy Deeds succeeded Wade as sheriff and was a popular and respected civic leader until his death 30 years later . It was on the strength of Buddy 's reputation that Sam later became sheriff , although it is clear that Sam 's relationship with his father was a tense one . The county 's new courthouse is about to be named in honor of Buddy Deeds in a public ceremony . Now it falls to Sam to investigate the killing of Wade , in which Buddy may have been involved . Some of the older residents of Rio County , who knew both Charlie Wade and Buddy Deeds , warn Sam that investigating Wade 's death may uncover things that are best left hidden . Despite these warnings Sam continues his investigation . In the process , he reconnects with a former high school sweetheart , Pilar Cruz , now a widow and schoolteacher with two teenage children . Buddy and Pilar 's mother , Mercedes Cruz , had forbidden the relationship when they were teenagers ; Sam and Pilar had assumed that racial prejudice was the reason , although Buddy had always enjoyed cordial relations with the county 's Mexican population . In a flashback scene , it is revealed that Mercedes was widowed when her husband Eladio Cruz was shot by Wade for smuggling illegal Mexican immigrants , as Wade and Hollis were performing what Hollis assumed was routine questioning on a rural county road that was frequently used to smuggle Mexicans into Rio County . Sam is convinced that Buddy killed Charlie Wade , but after a discussion with Otis Payne , a local bar owner , and Hollis , the current mayor and a former deputy for both Wade and Buddy , it is revealed that Buddy and Hollis both shot Charlie to prevent him from murdering Otis . The reason for Mercedes ' dislike of Sam are revealed when Sam realizes that Buddy and Pilar 's mother , Mercedes , had an affair that resulted in Buddy fathering Pilar . Sam also discovers that Buddy stole $ 10,000 from Rio County and bought Mercedes the local Mexican food restaurant and covered it up by saying that Wade had taken the money and left town for good . In the end , Sam and Pilar decide to continue their relationship in spite of knowing they are half - siblings . Although the film is a murder mystery , interwoven within it are several other stories , each of which helps to reveal the complexities of ethnic relations within the town . : Delmore Payne , the new commander of the local army base , must come to terms with his father Otis Payne who abandoned him and his son who does not wish to follow him into the Army . : Mercedes Cruz , a prominent member of the Hispanic community , is forced to deal with a past that she thought was long forgotten .
Kiril negative Zamira ; Aleksandar negative Anne ; Aleksandar negative Zamira <$> The film is divided into three stories , all of which focus on tragic and ill - fated love affairs . In the first episode , Words , we meet Kiril , a young monk who has taken a vow of silence , who stands up for Zamira , a young Albanian girl who is accused of murder and is on the run from a mob . For her sake , Kiril leaves the monastery and the two of them make their way through the Macedonian landscape , but their romance is heading towards a sudden and brutal end . Faces is set in bustling and trendy London . Anne , a picture editor , is torn between the love of her husband Nick and the attraction she feels for Aleksandar , a disillusioned war photographer . She is pulled into a series of tragic events by a shoot - out at a nearby restaurant . The third and final story , Pictures , brings the two previous stories together . It focuses on Aleksandar 's return to Macedonia to settle . He learns that the war has divided his home village and that his Albanian neighbours are now seen as enemies . Hana , an Albanian woman he was , and apparently still is , in love with , asks him to take care of her daughter Zamira . While Aleksandar sets out to find the girl , a storm is building on the horizon , and the film returns us to its beginning . Upon watching the film , it becomes clear that the sequence could have been any of three - though somewhere an intended inconsistency will become apparent . The end of Words sees Zamira gunned down and killed by her family when she tries to escape them - photos of the scene make a passive appearance in Faces . Suddenly the reappearance of Zamira in Pictures coupled with the ending which returns to the beginning could temporarily hoodwink the viewer that this is , in fact , the first part of the film - until a very close observation of the man lying dead at the beginning of Words is Aleksandar Kirkov , all while Zamira is running for her life after having killed one of the Macedonians . Faces set in London has a living Aleksandar Kirkov whose close friend Anne is developing black and white pictures of a dead Zamira . The motto of the film was , " The Circle is not Round " seen in graffiti form on a wall during Pictures but actually stands to deliver a message that in life , people and places may change but overshadowing scenarios go backward and forward in a cycle .
Gwen negative Liz ; Eva positive Clive <$> Real rock stars play the roles of Clive , Jonesey ( former Spandau Ballet bassist [ [ Martin Kemp , and Nick , who form an aging supergroup built of refugees from other bands . They and their producer Burt seek backing from Jane , a rich investor who will only help if the singer will sleep with her . Liz is a neurotic film production designer who has just hired a conniving young housekeeper and would - be singer named Gwen . Liz searches hopelessly for a decent man while Gwen commits acts of shameless cruelty in the service of her ambition . Best friend to Liz is Clive 's wife Eva , an older actress who is struggling to get good roles . Clive and Eva 's life is thrown into upheaval when a cult member shows up on their doorstep to drop off a surly 12 - year old " love child " that she claims Clive fathered . A subplot involves guitarist Carl ( singer John Doe of [ [ X , who is hired to travel away from his pregnant wife by a singer with ulterior motives , just as his junkie brother emerges from rehab and comes to stay with the family .
Brahmananda negative Bikram ; Bagha neutral Bikram <$> Goopy Gyne and Bagha Byne have ruled the kingdom of Shundi and are bored of royal luxuries . They want to get back to the days of adventure they had enjoyed all their lives , but age comes in the way . They leave the kingdom in search of new experiences . Finally , they reach Anandagarh and win the king 's heart with their musical abilities and powers . In the court room they meet Brahmananda Acharya , who invites Goopy and Bagha to come to Anandagarh fort . When they go to his place he offers them a job to steal three valuable stones , making use of their miraculous powers gifted by Bhuter Raja . In return he promises to make them 20 years younger . They steal two rare stones with a hope to become young again . But However , in their dream the King of Ghost appears and advises them to keep off injustice . They apologise to him and return the stones to the respective owners . Brahmananda Acharya had gained immense powers , as shown when he was not rendered motionless when they sung in front of the court . But , due to his greed of gaining rare and valuable stones , he was not offered immortality . It was foretold that a 12 year boy , named Bikram , with divine powers , would defeat him . To prevent his death , Brahmananda Acharya had all the boys in Anandagarh , who were 12 years old and were named Bikram , kidnapped by his soldiers . He hypnotized them , making them his servants . In the end , Goopy and Bagha find out that one boy named Kanu was previously named Bikram . He was to receive divine powers at the age of 12 . He , along with Goopy and Bagha , goes towards Anandagarh fort . There , as Bikram entered the fort and came close to Brahmananda Acharya , the Acharya sank beneath the ground , signifying that he had been destroyed . His valuable stones also vanished.Goopy Bagha Phire Elo in Gomolo.in
Plunkett negative Macleane <$> In 1748 , England is infested with highwaymen , such as Will Plunkett , a London - based criminal working with a partner . However , very soon into the film his partner is killed by Thief Taker General Chance , and Plunkett finds himself on the run from the local constabulary . This incident was witnessed by Captain James Macleane , who was being taken to a debtor 's prison . He also sees Plunkett 's partner swallow a ruby , which he sees as his ticket out of debt , and , after narrowly escaping discovery by Chance , he goes to the cemetery and tries to exhume the body and retrieve the ruby . Unknown to him , Plunkett is also waiting there , and he forces Macleane to give the ruby to him . He then also swallows it , as they are both found by Chance 's men . They go together to Newgate Prison , and Plunkett realises that , because of Macleane 's social rank , he can give the ruby to Macleane and he can use his influence to buy them both out of prison . This , despite protests from Macleane , starts a partnership which could be very successful , where they use Macleane 's title to get to know the rich , and Plunkett 's brains and planning to rob them later on . However , this all goes haywire when Macleane falls for the beautiful Lady Rebecca and lets their secret slip . Eventually , Plunkett 's plans to escape the country to America are spoiled by Macleane 's uncontrollable spending , and Plunkett leaves him to the gallows . However , Plunkett comes back at the very last minute to save his friend , and all three leave for America . At the very end Plunkett gets his own back on Chance as he shoots him in the head in the sewer .
Frank negative Ozzy ; Drix negative Ozzy ; Jones negative Ozzy ; Drix negative Jones ; Leah neutral Ozzy ; Leah negative Shane ; Frank neutral Drix ; Frank neutral Shane <$> Frank Detorre , a widowed slovenly zookeeper in Rhode Island 's Sucat Memorial Zoo is upset of his young daughter , Shane . He eats compulsively unhealthily and has no regard for germs or disease . While trying to eat a hard - boiled egg with mayonnaise and salt before a chimpanzee drops it in its filth , Frank picks it up and disgustingly eats it and uses the " ten second rule " as a justification for the unsanitary act . Inside Frank 's body , Osmosis " Ozzy " Jones , an agent of the FPD , is a funny , adventure - seeking white blood cell and a rebel cop , frequently disobeying authority to do what he thinks is right . He grew up poor on the " South Side " of Frank and is often mocked by his fellow cops due to his rebellious nature . He has been relocated to the mouth to fight against germs entering the body via ingestion after he induced Frank to vomit all over Shane 's teacher , Mrs. Boyd , which was considered a false alarm because he had been the only one to suspect an incoming pathological threat . After several newcomer germs , believed to be gingivitis , hijack a " squad car " there , Ozzy and his senior partner , who is piloting their helicopter , are pulled into the lungs by a massive yawn while in pursuit . After the germs evade capture and pass into " Immunity 's " jurisdiction , Ozzy disobeys direct orders and continues the pursuit on foot . The germs escape and Ozzy accidentally triggers a major cramp in Frank 's leg . Meanwhile , as Frank 's saliva cells work in the mouth to clear out the egg , a virus named Thrax emerges and goes to the left armpit to recruit some sweat germs for his big plan to launch a deadly infection with posing as a common cold while plotting something bigger . Meanwhile , Mayor Phlegmming is preparing for re-election , campaigning with the promise of more junk food and a trip to Buffalo , New York . His reckless policies are largely responsible for Frank 's deteriorating health . In an attempt to cover up the severity of situation , Phlegmming " tells " Frank to take a cold - suppressant pill which nicknamed Drix , arrives in the body and covers Frank 's infected throat with a disinfectant to soothe the irritation . Ozzy is assigned as Drix 's partner , much to his chagrin . In the nose , Thrax starts his plan by flooding the nose with snot after Jones accidentally let a pollen ball get away . Back at Cerebellum Hall , the mayor threatens to send Jones down the next nosebleed if he ca n't keep quiet about a virus in the body . While Drix is offered a different partner , he decides to stay with Ozzy who has bad times and discovers why . Years ago , Frank ate some oysters off a kid 's project at his daughter 's science fair . Jones saw some remaining bacteria emerge , but feeling there was n't time to call for back up , he instead hit the " puke " button . The results were bad : Frank lost his job , the teacher he puked on issued a 200 - yard restraining order , and Osmosis got suspended and has been placed on out - of - the - way patrols ever since . Drix says that Jones was justified in his decision as oysters are a breeding ground for dangerous bacteria of any type . They later learn from a reformed Influenza germ that Thrax is more dangerous than the average germ . His current whereabouts are a zit on the forehead . Posing as germs , Ozzy and Drix enter and discover Thrax 's plot to overheat Frank 's body , killing him from the inside . He wants to become the nastiest new virus , attempting to kill each new victim faster than the previous . His plan for Frank 's death within 48 hours , breaking all of his previous records . Ozzy and Drix confront him in The Zit , where Ozzy launches a grenade of medication at him and his cronies , popping the skin blemish , killing nearly all of his men , and seemingly ending his siege . Frank , meanwhile , tries to persuade Mrs. Boyd to lift the restraining order so he can go on a school camping trip with Shane , but the zit pops onto her lip , making her refusal official . Back at the precinct , Phlegmming argues with Ozzy and Drix who are fired and ordered to leave Frank 's body , respectively . Thrax survives the explosion and , after killing off his remaining henchman for suggesting they lay low until they recruit help in larger number , decides to launch a lone assault on Frank 's hypothalamus gland by disabling its self - regulative capabilities . Arriving there , he uses his virus infecting finger to destroy the protoplasmic barrier around it , and retrieve a DNA bead . Soon after , Leah Estrogen , the mayor 's less - oblivious secretary and Ozzy 's love interest , discovers his work and alerts security . He manages to evade them ; taking Leah hostage and escaping from the brain to the mouth . At the same time , Ozzy , in a movie theater showing dreams from the brain , discovers that Thrax is alive and in the brain when the screen colors turn a feverish red , and the dream he 's watching becomes a nightmare with everyone laughing at Frank . He rushes to stop Drix from leaving the body and manages to convince him to help stop Thrax once and for all . Meanwhile , the temperature continues to rise , causing destruction all over the City of Frank . Frank is taken to the hospital under the influence of Thrax 's attack . Ozzy and Drix rescue Leah and confront him , who leaves Frank 's mouth after causing confusion using pollen bombs . Ozzy is launched out after him by Drix . They fight for the DNA chain on one of Shane 's eyes and end up in her false eyelashes , which she was wearing atop her natural ones . During the fight , Thrax threatens to break his own record by killing off Shane , but Osmosis causes him to get stuck on the false eyelash and escapes onto Shane 's eye while Thrax falls into a vessel of alcohol below , where he dissolves . During this time , the situation becomes even more dangerous when the temperature hits 108 degrees , causing Frank to go into cardiac arrest . Just as doctors give up , he is revived when Ozzy returns to him via one of Shane 's tears with the chain that holds Frank 's missing hypothalamus chromosome . Ozzy is reinstated into the " Immunity Force " with full privileges , he and Drix are declared heroes with the Chief of Police rehiring him , and Leah tells Ozzy that she loves him . Drix is allowed to stay in Frank 's body with him . . Sometime later , Frank and Shane spend some long needed father - daughter time together on a hike . Frank has also since begun to improve his diet and personal hygiene . Meanwhile , Phlegmming has lost his position as mayor and now has a new job , cleaning the bowels as a janitor . He accidentally ejects himself from the body via the rectum by touching a button that is marked " DO NOT TOUCH ! " which triggers flatulence . To this , Frank makes a joke on his health by saying , " Out with the old , in with the new . "
Cathy positive Kenneth <$> Cathy Palmer , a young British woman , comes to San Francisco to live . There she meets Kenneth , a relationship develops and she becomes pregnant , but when Cathy sees another side of Kenneth 's personality , she elects to break off their engagement and abort the pregnancy . In the weeks to come , Cathy begins to see another man , Jack Byrnes , who has political ambitions . Kenneth , however , continues to be disturbed by the way Cathy ended their romance , and he comes back into her life .
Tintin positive Angorapoulos ; Paparanic positive Karabine ; Haddock negative his ; Haddock positive Tintin ; Karabine neutral Angorapoulos ; Karabine neutral Tintin <$> { { plot } } Captain Haddock learns that an old shipmate , Paparanic , has died and left him a ship , the Golden Fleece . Tintin , Snowy and the Captain travel to Istanbul only to find that it is an old cargo ship in a really dilapidated state . A businessman named Anton Karabine claims to be an old friend of Paparanic and offers to buy the boat for " sentimental " reasons , but the huge amounts that he offers makes Tintin suspicious and on his advice Haddock turns the offer down . During their stay in Istanbul , a stranger offers to take Tintin and Haddock on a guided tour during which there are two attempts on their lives . This makes them all the more determined to find out what is going on . One of the clauses of Paparanic 's will was that Haddock , on accepting the ship , should also fulfil his current obligations and thus they set off for Athens to deliver some carpets . During the journey Tintin catches a member of the crew , Angorapoulos , searching through Paparanic 's papers . He is subdued and locked in the hold but escapes . In Athens , Tintin and Haddock go to the carpet seller Midas Papos who turns out to be another of Paparanic 's old shipmates . He is grief - stricken to learn of his friend 's death and is about to make a comment about him when he is shot by a man from the window and the gun tossed into the room . Caught holding the gun , Tintin and Haddock are arrested but released thanks to the influence of their friends Thomson and Thompson and Papos , who has recovered in hospital . An old newspaper article shows that in their youth Paparanic , Papos and Karabine were adventurers who were involved in a coup in the Central American republic of Tetaragua . The article includes a photo of the three of them , plus two strangers , who formed a short - lived government . Tintin later spots Angorapoulos in a barber 's shop and follows him to the local offices of Karexport , which Tintin knows is run by Karabine . When Angorapoulos leaves by car Tintin and his friends follow him to a village out in the countryside where he and some accomplices kidnap a musician at a wedding . Tintin and the captain give chase on a motorbike . The crooks ' car is forced off the road when it almost colides with a coach and the villains flee on foot . The kidnap victim , Scoubidouvitch , was the fourth man in the photo . He suffers from " memory loss " but reveals that a large amount of gold is involved and suggests that Tintin and Haddock consult a Father Alexandre who lives in a mountain - top monastery . Father Alexandre , the fifth man in the photo , is himself a former adventurer who has repented and now spends his days in prayer and meditation . He reveals that when forced out of government in Tetaragua , he and his four comrades took a large quantity of gold from the central bank . Paparanic took the lion 's share of the loot while the rest was spread among the others . It 's now clear that Karabine wants Paparanic 's gold . Before Tintin and Haddock leave , Father Alexandre gives them a bottle of red wine which Paparanic gave him while visiting him last Christmas and told him to drink after his death . Since the priest now abstains from alcohol he entrusts it to his visitors . On the way down from the mountain , Haddock accidentally breaks the bottle , the label of which turns out to be a map , obviously showing the location of Paparanic 's gold . Tintin and Haddock return to the Golden Fleece where they have been joined by their friend Professor Cuthbert Calculus . Another crew member drains the oil out of the engines in order to prevent the ship from leaving port but Calculus has invented a special tablet called Super-Cuthbertoleum which , mixed with the remaining fuel , is more than enough to get the boat started and enables them to reach their destination , the island of Thassika . The map includes an X just off the island 's coast and , using his pendulum , Calculus locates the gold 's location . Swimming underwater , Tintin discovers a chest filled with strange dark bars but which he guesses is the gold which has been painted over . No sooner have the members of the Golden Fleece got the chest out of the water that they are held at gunpoint by Karabine , Angorapoulos and their men who got discreetly aboard . Tintin is shot at and falls back into the water while his friends are locked into a cabin and a fuse is set to blow the ship up with dynamite . Karabine and his men take the chest back to their helicopter only to come under attack by the police , including Thomson and Thompson . Karabine gets aboard the helicopter which suddenly takes off . It turns out that Tintin has replaced the pilot ! Karabine tries to force him to land , but Tintin disarms him . Beaten , the crook announces that no - one will get the gold , opens a hatch and lets the chest fall into the ocean . Tintin 's dog Snowy manages to put out the fuse that was about to blow up the ship . Unfortunately the chest is in a deep part of the sea and beyond recovery . However , using his pendulum , Calculus insists that they are still right above the gold . Cutting away at the paint on the ship 's railings Tintin realises that they are in fact the camouflaged gold . The chest contained the real railings and was just a red herring . Back home at Marlinspike Hall , another letter arrives for Captain Haddock , this time from the Government in Tetaragua , thanking him for the return of their gold . Furthermore , it reports that the main square in the capital has been renamed Paparanic Square , and Haddock awarded Tetaragua 's highest decoration , the Order of the Scarlet Cheetah - a large medal is enclosed with the letter . Then he and Tintin are treated to a visit by the local band to help celebrate .
Calvin positive Scotty ; Calvin neutral Harry ; Calvin negative Ruby ; Lila negative Calvin <$> Calvin Weir - Fields is a young novelist , struggling to recreate the early success of his first novel , but unable to commit to any of his ideas . His therapist , Dr. Rosenthal , gives him a writing assignment : to write a page about someone who likes his dog , Scotty . Calvin has a dream in which he meets an attractive young woman , who draws a picture of Scotty and says she likes him . Calvin wakes and is inspired to write about her . In therapy he admits he is falling in love with the character he is writing , and tells the therapist all about Ruby Sparks . Calvin 's brother Harry and sister - in - law Susie come to visit , and find several articles of women 's clothing around the house . The next day , Calvin is stunned to find Ruby in his kitchen , as an actual living person . Thinking he is going crazy , he calls Harry , who does not believe him and advises him to meet with someone else to take his mind off things . Ruby is confused by his behavior and insists on coming along , and leaves her to shop while he meets Mabel , a fan of his book . Ruby finds them , and Calvin discovers that others can actually see Ruby , discovering that she is a real person , not a figment of his imagination . Ruby fights with Calvin , thinking he is cheating on her but he explains how he feels overwhelmed and they make up . Calvin introduces Ruby to Harry , and Harry believes there must a be logical explanation , but Calvin proves that his writing directly affects Ruby . Harry is amazed that Calvin has manifested a woman with his mind , and has the power to change her . Calvin says he loves Ruby and asks Harry not to tell anyone of Ruby 's origins . Harry warns him that women are mysterious creatures , and that things may change . Calvin says he wrote her and he knows her , and he will never write about Ruby again . Months later , Calvin reluctantly takes Ruby to meet his free - spirited mother Gertrude and boyfriend Mort . While Ruby and his family enjoy themselves , Calvin spends the weekend reading by himself , growing jealous of the time Ruby is spending with other people and Ruby 's happy spirit begins to dampen at Calvin 's increased gloominess . Back at Calvin 's house , Calvin complains to that her Ruby singing is disturbing his reading . Upset , she runs upstairs crying . Ruby tells Calvin how lonely she is and suggests they start spending less time together . Calvin is miserable without her and , out of desperation , writes that Ruby is also miserable without him . Ruby returns to Calvin 's house full - time , but becomes incredibly clingy toward him , afraid to leave his side for even a second . Calvin tires of this and writes that Ruby is instead " filled with effervescent joy , " at which point she becomes constantly happy . After talking with Harry about what he has been doing , Calvin intends to write Ruby back to her normal self but the wording he uses leaves Ruby confused and slightly manic - depressive . Gloomy again , Ruby fights with Calvin once more . He attempts to cheer her up , and takes her along to a party hosted by author Langdon Tharp . At the party , Calvin leaves Ruby and talks with people about his still - unfinished manuscript . He also runs into his ex-girlfriend Lila , and they have a heated argument in which Lila accuses Calvin of only seeing her in an idealized way . Langdon sees Ruby alone and flirts with her , convincing her to strip to her underwear and join him in the pool . Calvin finds Ruby about to join Langdon for a swim and they leave . At home , Calvin and Ruby fight , with Ruby accusing Calvin of controlling of her . As she prepares to leave Calvin , he reveals that she is a product of his imagination , and that he is capable of making her do anything he writes . He demonstrates this to her making her perform various actions . Eventually Calvin stops , his head bent in anguish over his typewriter ; while Ruby , exhausted , runs into his bedroom and locks the door . Calvin writes a final page , which states that Ruby is no longer his creation , subject to his will , and she is free . He leaves the manuscript outside , with a note . The next morning , Calvin finds that the note is gone along with Ruby and he breaks down sobbing . Harry , suggests he write a new book about his experiences with Ruby . The novel The Girlfriend is a success . While walking Scotty in the park Calvin sees Ruby , who has no recollection of him . She is reading his book , which she says her friend described as pretentious . Calvin reveals himself as the book 's author , and she asks to start over , and they sit and talk . She asks him not to tell her how the story ends .
Steve negative Linda ; Army positive Linda <$> Just prior to the North Korean invasion of South Korea , Regular Army World War II veterans Colonel Steve Janowski , who has risen from Private to his present rank in 15 years , and Sergeant Baker are teaching South Korean soldiers how to use a bazooka to stop an enemy tank . Mrs. Linda Day is a United Nations worker assisting refugees . She and her colleagues are warned by Steve to leave the area , as hostilities are imminent . Linda insists that the North Koreans would n't risk the wrath of world opinion ; Steve asks if it had stopped Hitler . Soon afterwards , Steve and his US Air Force counterpart , Colonel Joe Parker ( [ [ William Talman , wake up to find themselves under attack . They compare it to Pearl Harbor . Janowski takes command of a US Army unit . Meanwhile , he keeps crossing paths with Linda . She turns out to be the widow of a professional Army officer who was awarded the Medal of Honor , and is reluctant to become involved with another soldier . In one desperate situation , Steve has no choice but to stop a column of refugees infiltrated by armed North Korean guerrillas by calling in artillery strikes . Steve displays remorse for the civilian casualties . However , when Linda learns of the incident , she condemns him for killing innocent people . Later , she finds out why he had to do what he did and apologizes . As well as the US Army , the South Korean Army and United Nations Workers , the film features the contributions of the British Army and the Royal Australian Air Force .
Haki positive Leyden ; Dimitrios positive Leyden ; Peters positive Leyden ; Peters positive Dimitrios <$> Dutch mystery writer Cornelius Leyden is visiting Istanbul . A fan of his , Colonel Haki of the Turkish police , believes he would be interested in the history of one Dimitrios Makropoulos , whose body was just washed up on the beach . Leyden is so fascinated by what Haki tells of the dead arch-criminal that he becomes determined to learn more . He seeks out Dimitrios 's associates all over Europe , none of whom have a kind word for the deceased . They reveal more of the man 's sordid life . His ex-lover , Irana Preveza , tells of his failed assassination attempt . Afterwards , he borrowed money from her and never returned . On his travels , Leyden meets Mr. Peters . Later , he catches Peters ransacking his hotel room . Peters reveals that he too had dealings with Dimitrios , and he is not convinced that the man is really dead . If he is indeed alive , Peters plans to blackmail him for keeping his secret . He generously offers Leyden a share , but the Dutchman is only interested in learning the truth . Nonetheless , the two men get along well together . Wladislaw Grodek is the next link in the trail . He had hired Dimitrios to obtain some state secrets . Dimitrios manipulated Karel Bulic , a meek , minor Yugoslav government official , into gambling and losing a huge sum , so he could be pressured into stealing charts of some minefields . Bulic later confessed to the authorities and committed suicide . Meanwhile , Dimitrios double crossed Grodek , selling the charts to the Italian government himself . Eventually , the two men track Dimitrios down in Paris . Fearful of being exposed to the authorities , he pays Peters one million francs for his silence , but true to his nature , goes to Peters ' home shortly thereafter and shoots him . Leyden , his rage over Peters being shot overcoming his fear , grapples with Dimitrios , allowing the wounded Peters to grab the gun . Peters sends Leyden away to spare him from witnessing the violence to come ; then shots are heard . When the police show up , Peters admits to shooting Dimitrios and does not resist arrest , satisfied with what he has accomplished . As he is taken away , he asks that Leyden write a book about the affair , and to kindly send him a copy .
Ian neutral Jeanette <$> During a benefit concert in Paris , France , David Seville ( [ [ Jason Lee is injured . Dave must recuperate and is forced to leave his aunt to look after the Chipmunks . Arrangements are also made for them to go to school . After another accident , the Chipmunks are left in the care of Toby , the grandson of Dave 's aunt . Meanwhile , Ian Hawke lives in the basement of JETT Records . Three singing female chipmunks , Brittany , Jeanette , and Eleanor , also known as the Chipettes , emerge and Ian hires them as plot to get back at the Chipmunks and revive his career . While at school , the Chipmunks are bullied by jocks and visit the principal 's office . They discover that the principal is a huge fan and wants them to help raise money for the music program by participating in a contest . Meanwhile , Ian is shocked to find the Chipmunks on the front page of his newspaper . After he reads a story about him , he quickly sends the Chipettes to school . When the Chipmunks meet the Chipettes , they fall for their counterparts , but are soon forced to have a rivalry after discovering that they are with Ian . Meanwhile Dave finds out Toby is watching the boys , and he quickly leaves the hospital . At the concert , the Chipettes sing and Alvin fails to show for the Chipmunks - who then forfeit . When Alvin finally shows , he finds the auditorium empty and is ignored by his brothers at home . Soon , the Chipettes are hired . The concert is on the same night as the school contest , so Ian decides to blow off the battle and make the Chipettes perform at the new concert , opening for Britney Spears . Alvin finds out that Ian has locked the Chipettes in a cage , so Alvin races off to rescue them while Simon tells Jeanette how to open the cage over the phone . The Chipettes manage to escape with Alvin , and they arrive just in time to perform at the contest . The Chipmunks and the Chipettes perform together and they win . Dave returns during the contest . Meanwhile , Ian gets into more trouble at the concert he set up for the girls when he attempts to imitate them . After the contest , Dave allows the Chipettes to stay with them . In two post-credits scenes , the principal has the jocks scrape gum off from under the bleachers in the gymnasium , while Ian is thrown into a dumpster .
Abby positive Loren ; Abby negative Dutra ; Dutra negative Charlie ; Gordo negative Dutra ; Dutra negative Loren <$> Abby McWilliams and her brother Loren McWilliams are a pair of teenagers . Their parents Mac and Mary Beth are killed in an accident , and it 's decided that Abby and Loren will live in the small town of Glenby , Florida with their uncle Charlie ( [ [ Eddie Jones and aunt Fay , who own a gas station and a smallish amusement park , both of which are on Charlie and Fay 's property . Loren and Abby do not have much trouble making friends at the high school in Glenby . Loren starts dating Karen , who is the daughter of the local sheriff , while Abby starts dating a guy named Mark . Loren feels uncomfortable when he sees a guy with blond hair harassing Abby one day at school in the cafeteria . Mark tells Loren and Abby that the blond haired guy is Eddie Dutra , a drug - addicted teenager whose henchmen are Gideon , Moonie , Gordo , and Joe Bob . Dutra thinks Abby is very attractive , and that 's why he wants to get his hands on her . Loren helps Abby keep Dutra at a distance , and Dutra does not like that at all . Dutra and his gang start retaliating against Loren for keeping them away from Abby . Dutra 's retaliations keep getting more and more vicious until Dutra forces a showdown at the amusement park by kidnapping Abby . Charlie is severely injured by Dutra . Gordo is killed by a vicious dog , and Dutra kills the dog . Loren causes Moonie to be thrown to his death from the ferris wheel , then Loren causes Joe Bob to be electrocuted above the bumper car ride , then Loren uses the roller coaster to decapitate Gideon . Dutra then fires a shot at Abby , who flees to the parking lot of the gas station , where Dutra hits her with the gun . Dutra then grabs a nozzle from one of the gas pumps and lights it up to be used as a flame thrower . Loren grabs Dutra , and Loren and Dutra struggle over the nozzle . Dutra dies when Loren forces the nozzle to Dutra 's face , setting Dutra on fire . On the next day , the newspaper headline reads : Bloodbath at Funland -- Five die as dope crazed vandals terrorize amusement park . Charlie survives his injuries , and the park is reopened after it 's repaired . As Abby , Loren and his girlfriend drive away in a car , Joe Bob 's little brother looks on in a threatening state .
Liza negative Matt <$> In 1880 , men from three Kansas towns feud over which one gets to be the state 's county seat . A safe containing important documents will be placed in whichever town is the winner . To the frustration of the women back home , then men go away for long periods of time to fight , then return home exhausted . Matt Davis wants to marry Sheriff McClure 's attractive daughter Liza , but neither McClure is sure if Matt 's more interested in the town or romance . Liza is livid when , just as they marry , Matt leaves again because the safe 's been stolen . He forms a posse and the other men take off with him . All of the women , including young Birdie and spinster Cassie , decide to join Liza in going " on strike " against the men , holing up in a fort and locking them out . The men must prove they are worthy before the women will agree to take them back .
Kannan negative Bharathi ; Kannan positive Janaki ; Janaki positive Krishna ; Kannan positive Krishna <$> Two music directors Bharathi and Kannan used to be friends and composed music together . After Kannan has a fight with the director of their movie , Bharathi who feels embarrassed decided to split from Kannan and compose the music for the film by himself . He offers Kannan the chance to reconcile after this movie . Kannan rejects this and instead gives details about the fallout to the newspaper and Bharathi ends up losing the movie deal . A war begins and both music directors hate each other and ca n't even stand to hear the other 's name . Bharathi is very successful while Kannan , who is basically unknown , drinks away his sorrows . Kannan 's daughter Janaki lives with her grandparents and mother in Bangalore while her father Kannan is still struggling with his friend in Chennai . Janaki goes on a college tour and stays at a hotel . Coincidentally it is the same place where Krishna is staying . He falls in love with her and tries to woo her . However she ignores him and even pretends to be deaf and mute when he invites her to spend time together . At the end four days , Janaki 's tour is over and her bus leaves for her college but leaves her behind as she is late . She ends up catching a public bus home . Krishna sees her gets on the bus and tries to impress her . Even though she is attracted to him slightly , she is annoyed and ends up getting of the bus and getting a lift from a drunk guy who ca n't control his car . He stops the car and tells her to drive . Krishna comes and agrees to drive the car and they put the drunk guy in the back seat . They bond on their journey and Janaki tells Krishna that 's she starving . Krishna convinces a shop owner to reopen his shop by telling him that Janaki is his wife and that she is pregnant . They soon realise that the drunk guy became sober and drives away , leaving them stranded . Janaki pretends to be heavily pregnant by stuffing Krishna 's jumper under her clothes and manages to stop another bus . On their journey they learn who the other 's father is and are shocked . Krishna takes Janaki back to her college and leaves . Janaki follows him and they admit their feeling for one another and get together . Krishna now has to return to Chennai as his mother breaks her leg and is in hospital . He promises Janaki that he will speak to him father about their marriage . Janaki has one condition : She says that if they disapprove she will not elope with Krishna without her parents ' consent . Krishna agrees and goes to see him mother . The doctor , who has really bad memory provides comic relief along with her assistant , tells Krishna 's mother that she will send a nurse to their home to help her . While this is happening Bharathi has a fallout with a prominent music director and Kannan is recruited to anger Bharathi . Kannan 's music in the movie becomes extremely successful and he becomes an overnight sensation &mdash; gaining fame and being flooded with offers . Bharathi is severely affected by the fallout and loses his prominence and offers . This further angers Bharathi and his hate for Kannan only increases . Seeing this , Krishna tells Janaki that they must separate before he comes with a new idea . He will somehow make Kannan like him and Janaki will make Bharathi like her . As per the plan , Krishna goes to Kannan 's house as a driver while telling his parents that he went to Bombay to pursue further studies ; Janaki pretends to be the nurse that the family doctor sent and tells her parents that she has an extra class at college . Krishna assumes the name of Driver Pandi while Janaki assumes the name Nurse Kalyani . It is not all that smooth as the doctor who is known to both families sees both of them at each other 's houses and becomes very confused , providing further comic relief . Due to her severe bad memory , they are able to persuade everyone that she is just confused . The doctor gets extremely confused and believes that they are all separate people that just look alike . Janaki impresses Bharathi and his wife while Krishna does the same at Kannan 's house . Problems arise when Krishna is kicked out of Kannan 's house when he takes the blame after Kannan 's father - in - law accidentally blabs to the media about Kannan 's drinking . Janaki is kicked out as she stands up to Bharathi and tells him it is ironic that he is named after Bharathiyaar who fought for women 's rights while he does n't allow his wife who is a singer to sing in public after their marriage . Bharathi soon after realises his mistake and invites Janaki back . Krishna , however , has to struggle much more to gain back Kannan 's trust . Kannan , after a drunken fight with the famous director who introduced him , angers the director &mdash; he refuses to see Kannan leading to a bad image of Kannan in the media . Krishna follows the director day and night and even stays in the rain all night . When allowed to speak to the director , he convinces him to forgive Kannan . When Kannan realised that Krishna helped him out despite his anger he invites him back to his house . Krishna and Janaki tell Kannan and Bharathi respectively that they are in love and that their parents and their lover 's parents are against it . They convince them to speak to the parents of their lovers . The families arrive at a beach house and are shocked when they find out who Krishna and Janaki really are and that they have been fooled . Kannan storms off . Bharathi accepts the reunion and so does Kannan 's wife who tells them to arrange the wedding and that Kannan will come as he would n't miss his only daughter 's wedding . Kannan does not turn up . Janaki and Krishna turn up at his house , and he is devastated that they got married without his consent and feels that no one respects him . Krishna tells him that they are not married and that they wo n't until he approves . Krishna claims that they will wait and remain lovers until Kannan gives his consent . As Krishna drives away he comes to a sudden halt as Kannan and his family have also arrived by car and blocked his path . Kannan tells him that all fathers will object , but he did n't expect Krishna to do what he did . He tells him that he better marry Janaki or else . Janaki then brings Bharathi while Krishna brings Kannan to him , and the old friends reunite in an embrace . In the final scene the doctor arrives and informs Bharathi and Kannan that Driver Pandi is actually Krishna and that Nurse Kalyani is actually Janaki to which the men act surprised before they inform her that they already know .
Sally neutral Bruce ; Kate negative Ned ; Kate positive Bruce ; Cliff negative Ned ; Ned negative Bruce <$> A writer , Ned Kendall , is returning to the remote and isolated family home inhabited by his sister Sally , to say goodbye to his father , Bruce , who is dying . Ned also brings his fiancee , Toni , who has trouble getting used to the isolation and harshness of rural Australia . Ned starts reliving memories of his childhood , many involving his beautiful twin sister Kate and his older brother Cliff . These memories awaken long - buried secrets from the family 's past . He begins writing , and his fiance reads that he had an awkward sexual encounter with Kate , and leaves him without giving him a chance to explain . Kate continues to entice Ned despite his obvious revulsion , and after a drunken night out with friends , the young Ned goes for a swim in the family dam . He is joined by Kate , who seduces and subsequently has sex with him on the banks of the dam . Ned shows immediate remorse while Kate remains unperturbed . After Ned 's refusal to have further sexual relations with Kate , Kate instigates a fight between the brothers by suggesting that Ned made unwanted advances towards her . As punishment , Bruce makes Ned accompany Kate to the Christmas dance . During the dance , Ned leaves Kate , who is left to go home with Cliff . Ned leaves separately and on his way home he finds his sister 's dead body in Cliff 's crashed car , and then finds that Cliff has hung himself . Fearing that Ned will tell Bruce the truth about Kate , Sally reveals that she knew of Ned and Kate 's secret . She also reveals that the car 's clock stopped on impact of the crash and no one could figure out what took Kate and Cliff so long to get home from the Christmas dance . Sally speculates that Kate also had sexual relations with Cliff , who then crashed the car in which Kate dies . She tells Ned she believes that Cliff 's guilt from his part in Kate 's death was multiplied knowing he had committed incest . But Bruce still believes that Kate was an innocent victim , the best of his children , and she does n't want him shattered with the truth . Ned then makes amends with Bruce and says that he is sorry for blaming him over Cliff 's suicide . He does n't tell Bruce the truth about Kate and lets him die still believing that Kate was everything he thought she was . Before he leaves , he tells Sally that Bruce died never knowing that she was his greatest achievement .
Donna negative Mace ; Mace negative Atkins ; Mace negative Mitch ; Jenkins neutral Atkins ; Stiles neutral Jenkins ; Mace negative Jenkins <$> New Orleans journalist Donna Stiles is in her home one night , preparing to take a shower , when a man sneaks into her home and kills her . Donna 's father , mayor David Stiles ( [ [ Charles Napier , calls on Donna 's former fiancee , cop - turned - bounty hunter Mace , to stop chasing bail - jumpers and bring in the killer . Mitch McCallum , who once dated Donna , with disastrous results , and is now accused of the murder , insists that he is innocent . Mace has an uneasy relationship with the regular police force , especially Detective Atkins . Mace tackles his mission wholeheartedly until Mitch is nearly killed by a bomb planted in his home . Mace and Mitch are ambushed and pursued ; they barely escape , accompanied by Sarah , a hooker who witnessed the attacks and must go into hiding with Mace and Mitch . Mace threatens Bernie , a bail bondsman , with a baseball bat to find out who posted Mitch 's bond and wanted him killed out on the street . After Mace leaves Bernie 's office , Atkins uses the same bat to beat Bernie to death , setting Mace up to be blamed for Bernie 's death . { { Quote box } } Later , Mitch saves Mace from a gunman in his hotel room . Mace figures out that Mitch has been framed by Deputy Mayor Bob Jenkins , who had Donna killed so he could steal a disc from her computer , fill it with false accusations of incest , then use the disc to blackmail Mayor Stiles into refusing to run for office again , because Jenkins is tired of playing second fiddle to Mayor Stiles . Atkins has been working for Jenkins . Jenkins admits to Mayor Stiles that Jenkins is the mastermind behind Donna 's murder as Atkins pursues Mace , Mitch and Sarah across the bayou , finally cornering them in a clip joint , where Mace uses a giant dart to kill Atkins . Jenkins takes Stiles hostage and demands safe passage out of the city . Jenkins shoots Mayor Stiles in the shoulder , and a helicopter arrives for Jenkins , who releases Mayor Stiles and gets on the helicopter . Disguising himself as Jenkins 's pilot , Mace parachutes to safety just before the helicopter slams into a skyscraper , causing an explosion that kills Jenkins .
Guy positive Jimmy ; Lenny positive Jimmy ; White positive Jimmy ; Faye negative Jimmy ; White neutral Guy ; Faye neutral Guy <$> { { plot } } In 1964 , Guy Patterson is a jazz drummer who works at his family 's Erie , Pennsylvania appliance store . Jimmy Mattingly and Lenny Haise ask Guy to sit in with their band at the annual Mercyhurst College talent show , because their regular drummer has broken his arm . The group rehearses a ballad titled " That Thing You Do " . Jimmy 's girlfriend , Faye Dolan , is inspired by Guy 's performance at rehearsal , and suggests that the group call themselves " The Oneders " . At the talent show , Guy launches into a faster tempo for " That Thing You Do " than in rehearsal and the audience goes wild for the song . Jimmy scolds Guy for playing " too fast " , but Lenny heartily approves of the change . The Oneders win the $ 100 top prize and obtain their first paying gig at a local pizza parlor . With the help of Guy 's Uncle Bob , they begin selling a single of " That Thing You Do " , which attracts the attention of local manager Phil Horace ( [ [ Chris Ellis . Horace signs them to bigger gigs and arranges local airplay of the single , increasing the band 's appeal . At a Pittsburgh gig , record company A&R representative Mr. White offers the band a development contract with Play - Tone Records . The boys sign the contract , and White changes their band name to " The Wonders " to avoid further confusion . The Wonders and " costume mistress " Faye tour state fairs across the Midwest during the summer with other Play - Tone artists , during which Guy and Faye grow closer . " That Thing You Do " enters and climbs the Billboard Top 100 . The Wonders go from being the opening act to the feature attraction , and throngs of teenage girls mob the band . When " That Thing You Do " enters the Top 10 , Play - Tone sends the band to Hollywood to meet Sol Siler , the label 's founder . On the flight , Faye comes down with a mild case of flu and only Guy seems solicitous of her comfort . The Wonders appear in a low - budget beach movie . This and Siler 's apparent disdain for the band disillusions Jimmy , whose lack of interest in anything that does not advance his recording career causes friction with White and with the other band members . The bass player , who had planned to join the Marines at the end of summer , leaves the band with a group of Marines he met at their hotel and never returns . White brings in an experienced studio bassist to join The Wonders for a live performance on a prestigious national television variety show . During the broadcast , the caption " Careful girls , he 's engaged ! " is superimposed beneath Jimmy 's closeup.This is an homage to a similar incident involving John Lennon during The Beatles appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show Jimmy is visibly upset by this , and disrupts the Wonders ' post-broadcast celebration by demanding to know who suggested that he and Faye are engaged . Jimmy tells Faye that he does not intend to marry her in front of the band , White , and Lenny 's girlfriend . Faye ends their relationship . The others quickly exit , and Guy condemns Jimmy for his treatment of Faye . Lenny is absent from the next day 's recording session . White prepares to find another studio musician to fill in , but Jimmy resists White 's plan to cover songs from the Play - Tone catalog instead of Jimmy 's original ballads . White explains that their Play - Tone contract specifies the content of the album : one original song per side , with the balance consisting of corporate - owned material , but the original songs must be " snappy " , not ballads . Jimmy quits the band and storms out of the studio . White tells Guy that The Wonders are in breach of contract , a " very common tale " he has seen reenacted with countless bands . White reassures Guy , but tells him that The Wonders will have to vacate their hotel that afternoon . Guy is bolstered when his idol , jazz pianist Del Paxton , who overheard Guy 's impromptu drum solo , suggests that they record a duet . Guy later tells Faye that Del thinks he has potential as a studio musician . Faye tells Guy she plans on returning to Erie , and Guy finally takes the opportunity to declare his feelings for her . Captions preceding the credits detail the subsequent lives of the band members . Guy and Faye marry , raise four children and start a music conservatory where Guy teaches jazz composition . Jimmy records three gold albums with a new band on the Play - Tone label and becomes a successful record producer . Lenny manages a casino in Laughlin , Nevada . The unnamed bass player is awarded the Purple Heart for wounds sustained at Khe Sanh and becomes a building contractor .
Chand positive his ; Chand negative Rosa <$> Vibrant Chand is a young bride leaving her home in Ludhiana , Punjab India , for Brampton , Ontario , where her husband Rocky and his very traditional family await her arrival . Everything is new and unfamiliar to Chand including the quiet and shy Rocky who she meets for the first time at the Arrivals level of Pearson Airport . Chand approaches her new life and land with equanimity and grace , and at times the wide - eyed optimism of hope — her first snowfall is a tiny miracle of beauty , and the roar of Niagara Falls creates the excitement of new beginnings . But soon optimism turns to isolation as the family she has inherited struggles beneath the weight of unspoken words , their collective frustration becoming palpable . No one feels the pressure more than Rocky , weighed down by familial obligations . A controlling mother who ca n’t let him go , a sweet but ineffectual father , and a sister whose two children and unemployed husband are also a burden . All live with Rocky and Chand in a two - bedroom house in the suburbs of Toronto . To make matters worse , Rocky is expected to find the money to bring his extended family to Canada . Unable to express his anger , he finds other ways to release it and it ’s Chand who bears the brunt of his repressed rage . Trapped in a world she can not comprehend and unable to please her husband , Chand is desperate . Hope comes in the form of Rosa , a tough and savvy Jamaican woman who works alongside Chand in a factory where immigrant women from all over the world clean and press dirty hotel laundry . Rosa sees past the make - up that covers Chand ’s bruised face . Realizing Chand has nowhere to turn , Rosa gives her a magical root advising her “ to put it in whatever the bastard drinks . ” The root is supposed to seduce the one who takes it , making them fall hopelessly in love with the person who gives it to them . Chand ’s attempts with the magic root lead to surreal incidents and her life gradually begins to mirror an Indian fable involving a King Cobra . As the lines between fantasy and reality converge , Chand and Rocky come face to face with each other and themselves . Eventually , Chand comprehends all the surreal episodes in her life and upon separation from her husband decides to go back to India .
Peter negative Candice ; Molly neutral Sam ; Nathan negative Roy <$> Sam Lawton , is on his way to a company retreat with his coworkers . While crossing the North Bay Bridge , Sam suffers a premonition that the bridge will collapse , killing everyone and himself . Panicked , he persuades his girlfriend Molly Harper , his friends Peter Friedkin and Nathan Sears , Peter 's girlfriend Candice Hooper , his boss Dennis Lapman , Candice 's rival Olivia Castle and coworker Isaac Palmer to leave the bridge before it collapses . FBI agent Jim Block does n't believe that Sam was responsible for the bridge collapse , but promises to keep his eye on him . Following the memorial service , local coroner William Bludworth mysteriously warns the survivors that they cheated Death . Believing this to be just some nonsense , they ignore his warnings and move on . Later , Candice goes to gymnastics practice with Peter , but a chain reaction causes her to fall off the uneven bars and snap her spine , leaving Peter devastated . The next day , Isaac is killed when his head is crushed by a falling Budai statue during an acupuncture session at a Chinese spa . Bludworth , who has been present for both deaths so far , tells the remaining survivors that if they wish to cheat Death , they must kill someone who was never meant to die on the bridge , and thereby claim their remaining lifespan . Sam and Molly then try to save Olivia at the eye surgery clinic , but are unable to after she fell onto a car 's windshield . Later , after Sam and Molly studied Death 's design , they notice that Nathan is next on Death 's list . Meanwhile , Nathan , who has returned to the plant , accidentally kills his antagonistic co-worker Roy Carson during an argument between the two when he shoves him in the path of a lifting hook , impaling his head . Nathan relays this information to the remaining survivors , who suggest that it means Nathan was successfully able to claim Roy 's remaining lifespan and thus was skipped over . When Dennis arrives to question Nathan about the incident , he is suddenly killed when a stray wrench is launched by a belt sander , penetrating his head . That evening , Sam works at the restaurant , becoming very cautious as he moves around , trying to prevent a fatal accident . After his work is done , Sam asks his mentor to allow the restaurant for him for the night . He allows Sam to have the restaurant to himself for a date with Molly . Peter , who has now been driven paranoid and insane by Candice 's death , interrupts the date in order to inform them that he nearly pushed a stranger in front of a truck after convincing himself that he would be able to kill someone else in order to take their lifespan ; subsequently , he has decided to kill Molly and take her remaining lifespan for himself . After Peter draws a gun and fires shots , Sam and Molly both escape to the restaurant 's kitchen . Nearby outside , Agent Block overhears the shots and enters the restaurant . He arrives during the confrontation , but is shot and killed by Peter . Believing he is now safe from Death for taking Block 's lifespan , he decides to kill both Molly and Sam to remove any witnesses . After some struggling , Sam kills Peter with a meat spit before he can harm Molly . Two weeks later , Sam and Molly are boarding a plane to Paris . As they are taking their seats , a fight breaks out between two passengers , revealed to be Carter Horton and Alex Browning , resulting in their removal from the plane with the other passengers . The plane that Sam and Molly are boarding is revealed to be Flight 180 . In mid-air , before realizing they are too late to save themselves , both are killed in the resulting accident . Meanwhile , at Roy 's memorial , Nathan learns from a co-worker , John , that Roy 's autopsy had revealed that Roy had a brain aneurysm , and that doctors said he would be dead " any day now " . As Nathan starts thinking that perhaps he had not saved himself , the landing gear from Flight 180 crashes through the roof of the building and crushes him , setting off the events of the first four films .
Starfleet negative Borg ; Borg neutral Picard ; Worf negative Picard <$> Captain Jean - Luc Picard awakens from a nightmare in which he relived his assimilation by the cybernetic Borg six years earlier ( shown in the television episode [ [ The Best of Both Worlds . Starfleet informs him of a new Borg attack against Earth , but orders the USS Enterprise - E to patrol the Romulan Neutral Zone so as to not introduce an " unstable element " to the fight . Learning that the fleet is losing the battle , the Enterprise crew disobeys orders and heads for Earth , where a single , damaged Borg Cube opposes a group of Starfleet vessels . The Enterprise arrives in time to save the crew of the USS Defiant which is being commanded by Lieutenant Commander Worf . After Picard hears Borg communications in his mind , he orders the fleet to concentrate its firepower on a seemingly non-vital section of the Borg ship . { { cite web | urlMovie Detail : First Contact Synopsis | workViacom | accessdate " nemecek - 327 " > Nemecek , 327 . The Enterprise crew sees Cochrane as a legend , but the real man is reluctant to assume his historical role . Picard , Worf , and the ship 's navigator , Lieutenant Hawk , stop the Borg from calling reinforcements with the deflector dish , but Hawk is assimilated . As the Borg continue to assimilate , Worf suggests destroying the ship , but Picard angrily calls him a coward and vows to continue the fight . Sloane confronts the captain and , reminding him of Moby Dick 's Captain Ahab , makes him realize he 's acting irrationally . After apologizing to Worf , Picard activates the ship 's self - destruct mechanism and orders the crew to abandon ship . While the crew heads to escape pods , Picard remains aboard to rescue Data . Data ruptures a coolant tank , and the corrosive gas dissolves the Borg 's biological bodies . Cochrane completes his warp flight ,
Jatin positive Sameer ; Sameer negative Zara ; Jatin positive Zara <$> Zara Kampani meets Sameer in a pub and lands in his flat asking him to kidnap her so that she can test her husband , Jatin 's ( [ [ Arbaaz Khan love . Samir ca n’t refuse because he is in desperate need of money . He has n’t paid his rent for months and also has to return a huge sum of money to a bhai . Zara takes Sameer to Woodstock Villa , the location of kidnapping . Sameer orders Jatin to hand over 50 lakhs to him . After returning , Sameer discovers Zara dead . An anonymous caller then threatens him that he has only 30 minutes to bury the body and clear up all the evidence . He disposes her body in a forest and returns . To be on the safer side , he leaves the city and goes to Bangalore . Sameer sees Zara 's video on television and heads back to find the truth . He finds Zara and convinces her to tell him the truth . Zara reveals that she and Jatin truly loved each other . Once in a fight , Jatin 's real wife , Zara accidentally , died and as her and Zara 's face was quite similar , she played the role of Zara . The kidnapping plan was hatched by Jatin and his girlfriend to get out of this murder and trap somebody else . Sameer calls Jatin to Woodstock villa with the money and he pays his rent and loan . He goes to the airport while Jatin gets caught by the police . Jatin tells the police that he is not the only one to commit the crime . Sameer gives the bag of money to Zara but there was no money inside that bag , he took the real bag of money . The ball was in Zara 's court . If she would have boarded the plane , Sameer would have trusted her . She decided to cheat Sameer and got cheated herself . Sameer 's flight takes off while Jatin 's partner gets arrested .
Sandhya positive Ganesh <$> This movie starts with college boy Ganesh Pawan Kalyan who had following a girl Sandhya for the past four years , trying to express his love . Many times Sandhya warned Ganesh to not follow her so often . Ganesh also tried to take help of Sandhya 's friend but fails . One day Ganesh , on his birthday , tried to express his love to Sandhya and caught up to her father who was a police officer and put him on the station . Later Ganesh father take him out through the bail . Ganesh father go to Sandhya father and ask him to accept marriage proposal . But sandhya father rejects and try take her daughter to vishakapatnam to his sister house . Later he changed his mind and in hyderabad only . But Ganesh think Sandhya was in vishakapatnam and went to search her . At this time Ganesh father died in road mishap . At last Sandhya accepts the love of Ganesh . But at that time Ganesh rejects his love for wasting his precious time and losing his father . The movie ends when Ganesh going to attend the interview suggested by his father .
David negative her ; Ruth negative her ; Ralphie neutral her ; Donny negative David ; Ruth neutral David ; Susan positive Jennings <$> The film is set in 1958 and follows the story of two adolescent girls , Meg and Susan who , upon losing their parents in an accident , are sent to live with their Aunt Ruth Chandler , a sadistic psychopath , and their three cousins , Willie , Ralphie and Donny . David , a young boy living in 1950 's Indiana , is neighbor to the Chandlers . When Meg arrives , he is instantly infatuated , attracted by her innocence . Aunt Ruth allows the children of the neighborhood to travel freely in and out of her house , offering them beer and cigarettes . Meg quickly becomes a target to Ruth , who belittles her , making suggestions that she is a whore , and starves her . One day David arrives at the house to find Meg 's cousins tickling her . She knocks Ralphie to the floor , wanting him to back off , and runs from the room . Ruth punishes Susan for Meg 's actions , as Meg 's cousins hold her back . Ruth then takes the ring that Meg wears around her neck , which belonged to her mother . A few days later , Meg stops a policeman and tells him what happened . As punishment , Ruth , her children and their friends tie Meg in the cellar with her hands over her head . They play a bizarre game of " confession , " and when Meg has nothing to confess , she is stripped naked . They gag her and leave her there . That night , the boys sneak back downstairs , giving her water . They agree to loosen her bindings , but only if she lets them touch her . She refuses , but David loosens them anyway . A while later , Meg is untied but refuses to eat , claiming that her mouth is too dry from dehydration to swallow it without choking . Ruth again punishes Susan for Meg 's disobedience . The kids of the town treat her like a play thing , beating , cutting and burning her . David tries to tell his parents , but ca n't . Police Officer Jennings eventually arrives at the house , having had their suspicions raised after a local boy talked to them . However , they leave finding nothing . David decides that it is time for Meg to escape , and unties her , promising her he will leave her money in the forest for her to run away with . The next day , David descends into the cellar to find Meg tied to the bed , being raped by Willie . David tries to leave but Donny stops him . Donny steps forward , wanting to rape Meg as well , but Ruth does not want him to , considering it to be incest to have sex with her so soon after his brother . Ruth instead offers Eddie or David to take a turn with her . When David declines , Ruth heats a needle and carves a message on Meg 's stomach , telling her that now she will never be able to be with a man . Ruth then decides that they should make Meg ' perfect ' by giving her a clitorectomy , thus " destroying her desire for men forever . " At this , David runs for the door , planning to escape and tell somebody . Several of the boys chase him , stopping him on the stairs . As one holds a knife to his neck , Ruth tells the boys to tie him up and says they 'll " do something about him later " and one of the boys kicks him in the groin before turning their attention back to Meg . Bound on the floor , he can only watch helplessly as Meg is mutilated with a blowtorch . The next morning David awakes still on the cellar floor . He frees himself from his bindings , and finds Susan sitting with an unconscious Meg . Susan tells David that Meg did not escape the night that he untied her because she was caught trying to take Susan with her . Although David 's plan was to come back for Susan after Meg escaped , Susan had told Meg that Ruth has been touching her on a regular basis to the extent of making her bleed , so Meg did n't want to leave her behind . Susan then tearfully insists that Meg should have just gone without her and saved herself while she could , but David tells Susan everything was going to be alright . David is afraid that Meg wo n't survive much longer without help , so he lights a fire in the cellar . As the smoke rises , Ruth enters the room and is beaten to death by David with Susan 's crutch . Jennings arrives , taking Susan from the room and going for help . David retrieves Meg 's mother 's ring from Ruth , and gives it to her before she finally dies , her body finally succumbing to its wounds . As an adult , David reflects on how his past still haunts him to his present day , though as Meg taught him , " It 's what you do last that really counts . "
Hoshiyar positive Raju <$> Shaadiram Gharjode is once humiliated by Hoshiyar Chand when Shaadiram goes to inform him about a family wanting to marry their son to Hoshiyar 's daughter . Hoshiyar Chand insults them as he wants both his daughters to marry into the richest family . Gharjode decides to teach Hoshiyar Chand a lesson : He meets a coolie called Raju and they go to Hoshiyar Chand 's village pretending to be a rich family . Hoshiyar is impressed and he wants both his daughters to marry Raju . This leads to humorous situations in the climax .
Voice negative he ; he neutral FBI <$> Jimmy Kowalski , a Gulf War veteran and former stock car racer , works as an automobile restorer and delivery driver at a shop in Idaho . He takes an assignment delivering a 1971 Plymouth Roadrunner to New Mexico to pay his wife 's mounting medical bills . While in New Mexico , he is offered another job , delivering a 426 Hemi powered 1970 Dodge Challenger R / T to Salt Lake City , Utah . On the way , he 's informed that his wife 's already - difficult pregnancy has taken a turn for the worse and continues to head back home to Idaho , refusing to stop for police when flagged down for speeding . An interstate chase develops . Throughout the rest of the journey he is pursued by a relentless Utah sheriff and an FBI agent who , while trying to make a name for himself and the organization after the incidents of Ruby Ridge and the Waco Siege , becomes convinced he is either running drugs or is a domestic terrorist . Kowalski is aided in his flight by a radio shock jock called " The Voice " , a libertarian DJ with a Gadsden flag in his studio , who is constantly giving homilies on things such as income taxes and government oppression . The Voice , intrigued by Kowalkski 's run across country , sets out to find the truth about Kowalski . As he does so , he discovers the truth of Kowalski 's " drug run " and that he is really rushing home to be with his wife and her now dangerous pregnancy . Along the way , Kowalski runs into the desert where he gets lost , blows a tire , and spends the night in an Indian reservation . He finds his way back onto the road where he continues on his way to Idaho , tricking the FBI into going the opposite direction of his intended path . However , as the day rides on he falls asleep and drives into the salt flats . A woman on a motorcycle finds him just after he wakes up and informs him that he has damaged his oil pan . He follows her to her hideout where he meets her boyfriend who is at first suspicious that he is from the government . He is hiding from the IRS . After the girl and Kowalski convince him he is ' one of them ' , he offers to ride 30 miles to try and locate a replacement oil pan . He arrives back after successfully finding one but also warns Kowalski that the roads and intersections are teeming with police and agents . After they help Kowalski fit the pan they offer to help him with a plan to run a roadblock . Kowalski successfully gets through the roadblock by having flashing police lights mounted on the roof and rushing at the roadblock ; in the dimming light the police think its another police car and hurriedly let him through . However an officer fires a shot at the retreating Challenger and blows out the rear screen . Afterwards Kowalski shuts off his headlights and vanishes into the woods , using night vision goggles he bought from the guy with the scanner . The police helicopter has infrared detectors but Kowalski evades being seen by hiding the car under a large piece of tin . He wakes up from a nightmare about his wife at 7:19 a.m. , finds a phone booth and calls the hospital , speaking to the same doctor as previously . Kowalski then drives down the road to where the movie began . Upon seeing the roadblock , he stops where we first see him in the beginning . A flashback reveals that his wife died at 7:19 a.m. after her kidneys failed . He then drives his car into the roadblock at full speed . An epilogue by " The Voice " reveals that although the authorities claim he died in the crash , the body was never found and that some witnesses claim he bailed out just before the crash and escaped authorities with the help of sympathetic onlookers . A scenario is given where his former Mexican friend finds his tags and shows he is now living in the wilderness with his newborn daughter .
her negative Beba <$> Beba used to be a well - to - do socialite but Argentina 's economic crisis has left here with almost nothing . She is then forced to sell beauty products door - to - door . Dora came to Buenos Aires during her teenage years from the Chaco Province to work as a full - time maid at Beba 's apartment . Since then she has slowly worked to build a house in one of the towns outside Buenos Aires . Dora , however , is unable to complete the construction of her house because Beba owes her six months pay . Dora , tired of listening to Beba 's promises of payment , is now determined to resign . Beba asks her for more time to get the money together and Dora accepts . During this period Beba tries to use the confidence of Dora and discourages her from venturing into a new phase of her life . Finally , Dora leaves the apartment to live with Miguel , her boyfriend , at her new home . Meanwhile , at Beba 's apartment , the power and telephone services are cut due to lack of payment . Dora visits a lonely and disheveled Beba in her now unkempt home on her birthday . Much to Beba 's disappointment , Dora must leave after only a short while , explaining that she is awaiting a call from an employment agency . Beba gives Dora her letter of recommendation . When summer arrives Beba is forced to rent out her apartment and move to a smaller place . She goes in a moving truck to Dora 's house , with the intention of giving her much of her furniture . Dora invites Beba to stay the night in her house . The film depicts the transformation of an Argentine society through the lives of two very different women .
Tom negative Tish ; Larry positive Maria <$> Larry Kozinski and Maria Hardy meet at the marriage of Larry 's uncle Phil and Maria 's mother Edie . Newly made cousins - by - marriage , they find they have more in common than expected as their respective spouses , insecure Tish and boorish Tom begin an affair . Over a series of ritualized family events , dreamer Larry and repressed Maria decide to exact revenge on their spouses by pretending to have an affair themselves . Their good - natured plan takes on unexpected gravity when they learn not only are they great friends , but they realize they 're falling in love with each other . They consummate the affair , but the ramifications shake their families , including Larry 's artistic son Mitch and Maria 's adorable but aggressive daughter Chloe . They end the affair to bring stability back into their families ' lives . Meanwhile , , Larry 's father Vince becomes interested in his widowed sister - in - law Edie and courts her . Larry and Maria meet again some time later at Vince and Edie 's wedding . Encouraged by Tish , he asks Maria to " dance with him " , angering Tom but convincing Maria to break free from her unhappy marriage . In an epilogue , Larry and Maria are seen sailing away with their children , living a fantasy they had shared from their earlier affair .
Conan neutral Scorpion ; Seiran negative Conan ; Seiran neutral Shiratori ; Conan negative Shiratori ; Conan negative Shinichi <$> { { Plot } } Kaitou Kid sends a riddle , warning of another heist . The police deduce that his next target is a recently discovered Fabergé egg belonging to Nicholas II of Russia , which is to be displayed in the Suzuki Modern Art Museum in Osaka on August 22 . The night of the heist , Kid successfully steals the egg and flies off with it , and Conan tenaciously chases after him with Heiji . However , in the middle of the chase , Kid is shot in the right eye by an unknown assailant and apparently falls into the sea to his death . After recovering the egg , the police fruitlessly search for Kid 's body . The next day , Conan , Ran , and Kogoro board a boat to Tokyo . They meet Natsumi Kousaka , whose great - grandfather worked in Fabergé 's factory . She shows them a part of a sketch of two eggs and a key , which were found among her late grandmother 's momentos . Conan suspects that the person who shot Kaitou Kid is on the ship . That night , Ryu Sagawa , a freelance photographer covering the press with news of the egg , is murdered , shot in the right eye in the same fashion as Kid . Soon after his body is discovered , Inspector Megure , along with officers Takagi and Shiratori , arrive by helicopter to inspect the crime scene . At first , they suspected Sonoko 's father 's servant , Mr. Nishino , but the police and Conan later conclude that the culprit is Scorpion - a mysterious killer who always shoots his victims in the right eye . A missing lifeboat hints that Scorpion has already escaped , and the passengers of the boat set off toward Yokosuka Castle , the location of Scorpion 's next target : the second egg . While exploring the castle , the group stumbles across secret passages beneath the castle . As they traverse the tunnel , Inui , an art dealer , sees a shadowy figure in one direction of the tunnels , and in his pursuit , he is shot by a silenced handgun . Delving farther into the tunnel , they find a coffin with a corpse clutching the second egg . Suddenly , the two eggs are snatched away . Conan deduces that Scorpion is Seiran the historian . She shoots her victims in the right eye to avenge her ancestor , Rasputin , whose body was found with an eye missing . Seiran attempts to kill Conan with her last bullet , but the bullet ricochets off the bulletproof glass on Conan 's glasses installed by the professor . As Conan kicks a piece of rubble , she reloads and is about to fire when a playing card knocks the gun out of her hands . Conan then knocks her out with the rubble . Shiratori appears and carries Seiran out . Conan figures " Shiratori " was actually Kid in disguise . In the end , Conan is about to confess to Ran that he 's Shinichi , but then Kid comes , disguised as Shinichi , and distracts Ran . The Phantom Thief then disappears in a flurry of pigeons .
Rebeka neutral Toorop ; he negative Toorop ; Gorsky neutral Toorop ; Darquandier positive Toorop ; Gorsky negative Darquandier <$> Toorop , an American mercenary , narrates that the world is not really worth saving , as we try to save it from ourselves . He says that every man is one day presented by a choice ; A choice to make a difference , or to walk away and save himself . He explains that on that day , he learned something , to make a difference . He finishes : " Too bad it was the day I died , " as the camera shows him in New York City , slowly dying from a gunshot wound , as a caricature and an explosion is seen in his eye , as the scene blacks out . Six days earlier , in the year 2019 , Toorop is shown living in New Serbia . Branded a terrorist , he is forbidden from returning to the United States , as he lived his life transporting immigrants around Eastern Europe to Western , and he makes a living working odd jobs , living his life in a small flat in dystopian city of Belgrade . One day , he is offered a courier contract by a Russian mobster , Gorsky . Toorop accepts in return for a chance to return to the United States , as he will be given an unfakeable U.N. passport and $ 500,000 in cash . Gorsky instructs him to take a young woman , an orphan known only as Aurora , to New York City . He is provided with weapons , maps , and money to secure passage . Toorop travels by a reinforced armored car on an industrial lifting electromagnet hoisted by an Mil Mi - 24 gunship . The helicopter drops the car off near a thousand - year old convent in Kyrgyzstan , now occupied by a new religion sect known as the Noelites . There he picks up a Noelite nun named Sister Rebeka and her charge , Aurora . They travel by car to Troitsk in the border between Kazakhstan and Russia . In Troitsk , Toorop purchases tickets for a train to Vladivostok . When trying to board the train , Aurora inexplicably panics and flees from the crowd waiting to board the train . Toorop and Rebeka try to take her back despite her continued pleas not to . Seconds later , a bomb explodes in the crowd , sparing them because Aurora had bolted . Shaken , they board the train and Toorop demands an explanation for Aurora 's apparent prescience . Rebeka shrugs it off as coincidence and explains that Aurora was probably just scared as it was her first time out of the convent . The train continues on to Vladivostok , passing a nuclear blast crater on the way . They arrive in a refugee camp in Vladivostok . Toorop contacts a Russian smuggler and old friend named Finn in a nightclub and secures passage by submarine through the Bering Strait to Canada . An unknown group suddenly intercepts them and tries to offer Toorop a million dollars to relinquish Aurora to their custody . When this fails , they try to abduct her . After a fight the leader of the group tells Aurora that they knew her father . With this revelation , Aurora agrees to go with them , but Toorop stops her at the last second . In the morning , they go with the refugees across the frozen sea to board the submarine . However , to avoid satellite detection , the submarine can only surface for 2 minutes , leaving some refugees behind and even resorting to shooting them . Aurora , infuriated by the loss of life , starts to operate the 30 - year - old submarine , without having ever learned about it . She states that she can ' feel them dying ' and threatens the submarine crew with a gun but is eventually subdued by Toorop and the submarine continues to submerge . Rebeka and Toorop are both mystified by Aurora 's outburst and her apparent knowledge of the submarine controls . Sister Rebeka explains to Toorop that Aurora could speak nineteen different languages by the age of two , and always seems to know things she has never learned . Three months before leaving with Toorop , she had begun acting in ways she never had before . Her change in behaviour began after a visit by a Noelite doctor who had administered a pill to Aurora . The doctor told her to go to New York City and arranged for Toorop to take them . Finn tells Toorop that he suspects Aurora was carrying a viral bomb , which he saw exploding in Uzbekistan 2 years prior . Toorop tells him that if she is carrying some kind of a virus , he will kill her instantly . She overhears this . On landing in Canada , they cross the border to the United States with snowbikes . Along the way they are spotted and attacked by two aerial drones patrolling the borderlines , wounding Toorop . Aurora again displays extraordinary medical knowledge as she pulls out a piece of metal from Toorop 's wounds . Finn attempts to kill Toorop and Rebeka and take the passport and Aurora , but Toorop shoots him first . They cross the border safely and leave for New York by plane . In New York , in Toorop 's old apartment , they learn from a news broadcast that the Noelite convent they were from had been hit by a missile the moment they crossed the Canadian border . This causes the group to realize that there is more going on than they know . The Noelites have become a major new salvationist religion , which vast numbers of people cling to as the world spirals out of control . However , in private meetings , it is seen that their High Priestess is really just after power , and tries to use various invented miracles to get more people to believe in the truth of her religion . Gorsky , working for the Noelites , had planted a tracking device in Toorop 's passport , and then bombed the convent when he knew they were in the United States . The doctor who earlier saw Aurora in the convent then appears to examine her again . When he leaves , Aurora reveals to both Rebeka and Toorop that she is pregnant with twins , even though she is a virgin . Looking outside , Toorop sees Gorsky 's men as well as the Noelite group , heavily armed and waiting for them . The High Priestess then calls Toorop and asks him to bring Aurora outside . As they were letting Aurora into the limousine , Rebeka warns Toorop with a glance . One of the guards had a gun pointed at them , ready to kill them once Aurora was handed over . Toorop changes his mind and starts a firefight with the two groups with the ultimate goal of getting the two women to safety . However , because of the tracking devices , Gorsky 's men can lock onto Toorop with tracking rockets . Rebeka is shot and killed defending Aurora , who in turn shoots Toorop saying the words , " I need you to live . " By dying , the rocket goes off target and explodes near Aurora instead . Aurora survives the rocket explosion apparently with seemingly supernatural powers , as the scene from the beginning is shown . Toorop 's body is revived by Dr. Arthur Darquandier , using advanced medical techniques , but Toorop 's right arm and left leg are replaced with cybernetics to undo the damage of being dead for over two hours . Darquandier explains that when Aurora was a fetus , he enhanced her by using a supercomputer to ' implant ' intelligence into her brain . The Noelite group had him create Aurora to become pregnant at a certain time in order to use her as a vessel for twin babies with almost supernatural intelligence . The apparent " virgin birth " and the powers of her children were supposed to provide a manufactured " miracle " to boost membership of the Noelites . After she was born , the Noelites hired Gorsky to kill Darquandier , but Darquandier survived . He remained " dead " until he found his daughter in Russia with Toorop . Doctor Darquandier uses a machine to go through Toorop 's memory to find what Aurora said to him before Toorop " died " . In Toorop 's memory , Aurora tells Toorop to " go home . " Toorop , as well as several of Darquandier 's men , leave the facility . En route to Darquandier 's lab , the High Priestess calls Gorsky , at which point he is killed a missile sent by the High Priestess . Darquandier is later killed by the High Priestess , but Toorop has already escaped . Toorop goes to his old family house in the forest and finds Aurora , and as he takes her with him , they are found and chased by the Noelite henchmen , with the High Priestess personally shooting at them . He destroys the pursuers and he and Aurora escape . With Darquandier and High Priestess dead , Toorop stays with Aurora , rebuilding his old cottage . Six months later , Aurora gives birth to the children , but she says to Toorop that she was " designed to breed " , not to live , indicating that she will die . Toorop stays with the children as their caretaker .
her positive Courtland ; Courtland negative LaSalle <$> In 1959 , Michael Courtland , a New Orleans real estate developer , has his life shattered when his wife Elizabeth and young daughter Amy are kidnapped . The police strongly recommend that he provide the kidnappers with shredded blank paper instead of the demanded ransom , and he agrees to the plan . This leads to a bungled car chase in which both kidnappers and victims are killed in a spectacular explosion . Courtland blames himself for the deaths of his wife and daughter . Fifteen years pass . Courtland is morbidly obsessed with his dead wife , and regularly visits a monument he has had built in her memory . The monument is a replica of the church where he and Elizabeth had met many years before in Florence , Italy . His real estate partner Robert LaSalle convinces Courtland to tag along on a business trip back to Florence . While there , Courtland revisits the church , and suddenly comes face to face with a young woman named Sandra who looks exactly like his late wife . The already slightly unhinged Courtland begins to court the young woman , and subtly attempts to transform her into a perfect mirror image of his dead wife . Courtland returns to New Orleans with Sandra so they can marry . On their wedding night , Sandra is kidnapped and a ransom note is left behind by her abductors . It is an exact replica of the kidnappers ' message from fifteen years before . This time , Courtland decides to deliver the demanded cash . He withdraws massive quantities of money from his accounts and business holdings , financially ruining him and forcing him to sign over his interest in the real estate business to LaSalle . In the process , he discovers that his entire ordeal , including the original kidnapping , had been engineered by LaSalle as a way to gain sole control of Courtland 's company share holdings . The now nearly insane Courtland stabs LaSalle to death . Knowing that Sandra must have been a willing accomplice in the plot against him , he goes to the airport to kill the escaping woman . On the plane , Sandra has a flashback to her part in the scheme ; she is in fact Courtland 's daughter , allowed by LaSalle to survive the explosive traffic " accident " from years before that had killed her mother . LaSalle had told her lies about Courtland over the years , convincing her that her father had not paid the ransom because he did n't love her . Sandra , who now loves Courtland , attempts suicide on the plane and is taken off the flight in a wheelchair . Courtland sees her and runs toward her , gun drawn . A security guard attempts to stop him but Courtland smashes the briefcase full of money against the guard 's head , knocking him unconscious . The briefcase breaks open and all of the money flies out . Sandra , seeing the fluttering bills , stands up and shouts : " Daddy ! You brought the money ! " Courtland now realizes for the first time who Sandra really is , and father and daughter fall into a deep embrace .
McBride negative Casey ; McBride neutral Witherspoon ; Witherspoon negative Casey ; Giles negative Casey <$> { { Plot } } Casey Meadows is a free - spirited young woman working as a dishwasher in an upscale restaurant when one day she receives a hand - delivered job offer as a driver for Brentwood Limousine Service . The company manager , McBride is appalled at Casey 's young , brash presence ... and the fact that she 's a woman in an all - male establishment . McBride soon learns that Mr. Witherspoon , the company owner , personally handpicked her and offered the letter of employment . McBride reluctantly agrees to hire her , but warns her that she will be fired if she steps out of line . Casey experiences sexism and chauvinism from her fellow , limo drivers . While frustrated at her lack of acceptance and tolerance amongst her new co-workers , she does manage to find some kindness and support in Jeremy O'Brien , an older Irish driver . Jeremy convinces her to tough it out and give the change - hating men time to adjust to her presence . She agrees to stay . Casey is routinely given bad assignments that are engineered to get her fired . Her first job is driving a high , oversexed and hung - over British punk rock singer named " Cat Fight " to his concert . Casey finds Cat Fight in a motel bed with three nude women in a drug - induced stupor . Realizing she 'll be fired if she does n't deliver him to the concert , she takes a cooler full of ice water and dumps it on Cat Fight 's bed . Casey manages to get Cat Fight and the three women into the car . Despite many shenannigans , including Cat Fight stealing the panties from a senior citizen , Casey manages to bring him into the arena just in time for the concert . Then he barely makes it onto the stage with the girls in time . The following day , McBride learns of the incident involving the senior citizen and prepares to fire her . However , Cat Fight 's manager comes in and personally thanks both McBride and Casey for delivering Cat to the concert on - time ... a first for him . The act manages to temporarily prevent her firing . Casey is assigned to transport Battle Witherspoon , an arrogant , heartless , workaholic executive who is stalking his ex-girlfriend . The angry ex tells him she can no longer stand to be with him and says she is pregnant with another man 's child . Casey , sympathetic , offers visibily devastated Battle some liquor from the onboard bar . After consuming an excessive amount , Battle runs out of the car and strips his clothes off , running through a park , making a huge nuisance of himself . He finally returns to the limo and passes out . Not knowing where Battle 's residence is , Casey takes him to her home so he can recover from the day 's events . The following morning , he awakens and is back to his old hateful self , hurtfully insulting Casey before leaving . Unbeknownst to Casey , Battle Witherspoon is actually the son of the Mr. Witherspoon , the owner of the limo company . Mr. Witherspoon orders Battle to check out another of his companies upstate in Sonoma . Casey is assigned to drive Battle up north , much to their mutual displeasure . Halfway through the trip , the car overheats and breaks down in a remote location on the highway . Battle and Casey walk off in search of a phone . After walking and bickering for several hours , night falls and they get caught in a rainstorm . Casey sprains her ankle and is unable to walk . Battle continues his walk while carrying Casey in his arms . They finally find a rustic cabin occupied by a hillbilly couple , who invite them to spend the night . Both are put in a bedroom with a single bed and after another one of their arguments , Battle kisses her . Both finally acknowledge their mutual passionate attaction and make love . The following morning , Battle proposes marriage but Casey refuses , fearing he will return to his emotionally - distant ways . Much later , Casey is next assigned to transport a Middle Eastern sheik to a meeting . The shiek is approached by a con artist [ Penn Jillette ] out for a wild night on the town complete with an orgy with prostitutes . After Casey returns , she is fired by McBride after learning that police and government agents have been searching for the missing sheik the whole time he was out on the town and learning of the details of the orgy . Realizing that he 's fallen for Casey , Battle starts making some positive changes in his life and continues his efforts to court Casey . He slowly wins Casey over and takes her home to meet his father . When she arrives at the estate , she experiences Deja Vu , recalling the times she played in the Witherspoon mansion as a child . It turns out that Casey 's mother was formerly employed by Witherspoon . But shockingly , Witherspoon reveals that he is Casey 's biological father , making Battle and Casey siblings . Just then , Jeremy comes into the room with Giles , another limo driver , ordering Giles to confess what he knows about Casey 's paternity . He reveals Witherspoon is not Casey 's biological father , Giles is . Giles was in a relationship with Casey 's mother before she and Witherspoon spent their " little weekend together " . Giles reveals that he denied paternity in order that Casey would receive stable financial support as an heiress to the Witherspoon fortune . Casey makes amends with Giles The movie ends with Battle and Casey 's wedding . As they climb into the back of a Brentwood Limousine . The driver is McBride , who has finally received his comeuppance for his mysogynic treatment of Casey .
Wikus negative Christopher ; Wikus negative Venter <$> In 1982 , a large alien spacecraft stops directly above Johannesburg in South Africa . An investigation team enters the ship , discovering a population of sick and malnourished extraterrestrials . The aliens , derogatorily referred to as " prawns " , are confined to District 9 , a government camp just outside Johannesburg . Periodic unrest then occurs between the aliens and the locals and subsequently the South African government hires Multinational United , a private military company , to relocate the aliens to a new internment camp . In August 2010 , Wikus van de Merwe , an Afrikaner bureaucrat , is appointed by Piet Smit , an MNU executive and his father - in - law , to lead the camp relocation by serving the aliens with eviction notices . Meanwhile , alien Christopher Johnson , his son , and an alien friend search for alien technology from which they distill a mysterious fluid , storing it in a small canister . While raiding the shack of Christopher 's friend , Wikus discovers and seizes the canister , which sprays the fluid onto his face . Christopher 's friend is subsequently killed by Koobus Venter ( [ [ David James , a xenophobic soldier leading the military side of the operation . The fluid slowly begins mutating Wikus into a prawn , beginning with his arm . MNU forces Wikus to test various alien weapons which only function when alien DNA is present . The MNU scientists then decide to vivisect Wikus , but Wikus overpowers his captors and escapes . Smit orders Venter and his men to hunt down Wikus , while a story is released to the media stating that Wikus is infected with an alien STD . Wikus finds refuge in District 9 and stumbles into Christopher 's shack . A lost command module from the ship is revealed underneath the shack , and Christopher discloses that the fluid in the canister is fuel which would allow him to reactivate the dormant mothership and reverse Wikus ' mutation . The canister is held at MNU headquarters , so Wikus and Christopher agree on a plan to get it back by first obtaining weapons from superstitious Nigerian arms - dealer Obesandjo and his gang . After acquiring the weapons , Wikus and Christopher attack the MNU offices , retrieve the canister , and flee back to District 9 with MNU forces in pursuit . Disgusted by the illegal experiments on his fellow aliens at MNU headquarters , Christopher says he must use all the fuel to get help before curing Wikus , but the trip to the alien planet and back will take three years . Wikus becomes enraged and attacks Christopher , then hijacks the command module which is almost immediately shot down . Venter and his men seize Wikus and Christopher , but Obesandjo 's gang ambushes the MNU convoy and captures Wikus , as Obesandjo believes that eating Wikus ' mutated arm will give him the ability to use alien weaponry . Obesandjo 's base is then surrounded by MNU and a firefight ensues . In the downed command module , Christopher 's son activates the mothership and an alien mechanized battle suit which saves Wikus by killing Obesandjo and his men . Wikus takes control of the battle suit and rescues Christopher , shielding him as they run to the command module . Wikus aids Christopher 's escape by staying behind and holding off the MNU troops . Christopher promises to return in three years before making his way to the command module . Wikus kills all the troops except Venter , who cripples his suit and forces it to eject him . As Wikus is cornered by Venter , a group of aliens ambush Venter , tearing him to pieces . Christopher leaves in the mothership with his son as Johannesburg 's residents celebrate its departure . A series of interviews and news broadcasts are shown , with people theorizing about Wikus ' whereabouts and the potential return of the mothership , and what it could entail . MNU 's illegal experiments on the aliens are uncovered and exposed . District 9 is completely demolished , with all the aliens having been moved to the new larger District 10 farther from the city . Wikus ' wife Tania finds a metal flower on her doorstep , giving her hope that Wikus is still alive . What appears to be a fully transformed Wikus crafts a similar flower in a scrapyard .
Amar positive Rajesh ; Raja negative Rana ; Reshma positive Rana ; Raja negative Rajesh ; Amar negative Reshma ; Amar negative Vikas <$> Rana Vikram Singh lives in a huge farmhouse with his wife , Laxmi , and two sons : Rajesh , a police officer , and Amar , a fun - loving playboy.Amar 's entry begins with him playing a round of loaded Russian Roulette which he wins and proclaims himself jaanbaaz . Rajesh has gone through a traumatic experience of losing his love Seema , when she succumbed to drug addiction . He vows to fight the drug menace . An underworld kingpin Raja murders Rana 's old friend . Reshma , his friend 's daughter , takes shelter in Rana 's house . Rajesh is on the drug trail.Reshma 's father lost a huge bet to Raja after which Raja killed him in a fake accident . When Reshma comes to live with them , Amar gets intimate with her on a haystack . When Rana comes to know of Amar 's interest in Reshma , he warns him that Reshma is not suitable for their family . But Amar maintains an interest and is jealous to see Reshma in the company of Vikas , an employee at the farmhouse . A fight ensues between Vikas and Amar , and Vikas is killed . Amar is now on the run , and Rajesh has been assigned the task of apprehending him .
Tony negative Vincenzo ; Diane positive Vincenzo ; Tony positive Joey ; Tony negative he ; Diane positive he ; Tony positive Diane <$> Like The Godfather : Part II , the narrative of Mafia ! consists of a series of flashbacks interwoven with the main plot . Tony is the son of a prominent Mafia don , Vincenzo Armani Windbreaker Cortino . As the film opens , Tony introduces the main thread when he exits a Vegas casino and walks to his car , accompanied by a voiceover explaining his philosophy of life . When he starts the car , it explodes . The story then regresses more than half a century to describe the boyhood of Tony 's father , Vincenzo , who was born in Italy , the clumsy son of a Sicilian postman . One day , while making a delivery for his father , Vincenzo trips and the parcel bursts open , revealing a strange white powder . The parcel 's recipient , concluding that the delivery boy has seen too much , tracks Vincenzo to a street fair , where he kills his father ; the boy , however , escapes to America , where he grows to young manhood , marries , and struggles with poverty before finally finding his destiny as a mafia boss . The film then visits the recent past ; Tony has just returned from the Korean War and is bringing his idealistic Protestant girlfriend , Diane , to meet his family and friends at his big brother Joey 's wedding reception . During the festivities , however , Vincenzo is shot 47 times in an attempted hit and nearly dies . Tony announces his intention to kill Gorgoni , a drug lord with whom Vincenzo had refused to do business before the attack . Diane leaves him , saying he 's abandoned the peaceful ideals of his youth , and adding that she 'll never be anything to his Sicilian family but " that Protestant chick who never killed anyone . " Tony avenges the attack , then goes into hiding in Las Vegas , where Cesar Marzoni offers him the opportunity to manage his casino , The Peppermill ; Tony accepts and his casino is a great success until he meets a femme fatale , Pepper Gianini , hired by Marzoni as part of a deep - laid plan to distract him from his duties and to drive a wedge between him and Joey . Vincenzo recovers from his 47 gunshot wounds and visits Las Vegas , where he officially names Tony his successor ; Joey , furious at being passed over , is told " You get Wisconsin . " The Don then returns home , where he falls victim to his 5 - year - old grandson , Chucky , who assassinates him by spraying him with malathion . The film returns to the present after Tony catches Joey and Pepper cavorting in a hotel room together and walks out in disgust - only to have his car explode . Tony is horribly but temporarily disfigured , and attends his father 's funeral in a wheelchair , where he spots the killers when he sees little Chucky taking a payoff . However , he decides to postpone vengeance until he can win back Diane 's love and put his life in order . Diane has by this time become President of the United States , and is on the brink of declaring total world disarmament when Tony goes looking for her . He persuades her to put world peace on the back burner until after their wedding . During the ceremony , with the help of Vincenzo 's mother , several henchmen , and an Eskimo , he settles the family 's accounts in an orgy of slaughter , even arranging the harpooning of Barney the purple dinosaur as a bonus .
Joe neutral Empire ; Joe negative Lucas ; Lucas neutral Empire ; Deb negative AJ ; Deb negative Berko ; Rex negative Corey ; AJ neutral Corey ; her negative Corey ; Joe neutral Corey ; Deb positive Corey ; Lucas negative Mitchell ; Joe negative Mitchell ; her positive AJ <$> { { plot } } Empire Records is a small , independent record shop managed by Joe . The store is set in an unnamed city in Delaware , and like the employees , is eclectic and unique . The staff is very much a self - created family , with Joe as the reluctant and perpetually exasperated but loveable father figure . Joe selects Lucas to close the store for the first time ever . While counting the day 's receipts , Lucas discovers that Empire Records is about to be converted into a branch of Music Town , a franchise music store . In an attempt to save the store , Lucas takes the day 's cash receipts to Atlantic City . While initially very lucky , he loses the entire amount . Joe is distracted from dealing with this immediate crisis due to a scheduled publicity stunt . Rex Manning , a pompous , fading pop singer , is due to arrive to sign autographs and promote his new album . No one is really looking forward to " Rex Manning Day " except cashier Corey , an overachieving student headed for Harvard University who has a schoolgirl crush on Rex , and plans to lose her virginity to him . Corey 's best friend and fellow cashier Gina , a more adventurous and free spirit than Corey , encourages Corey in her pursuit of the much older Manning . Empire 's owner , Mitchell Beck , arrives to collect the missing deposit , but Joe covers for Lucas and plays for time by handing Mitchell a bag full of loose receipts . AJ confides in Joe that he loves Corey , and has chosen Rex Manning Day as the day he tells her . Lucas returns and rather than show repentance or guilt , calmly and repeatedly insists that everything will somehow work out , much to Joe 's growing confusion and frustration . Joe forbids Lucas to leave the store until he is able to repay the $ 9,000 . Deb , another store employee , arrives . She , as usual , is hostile and antisocial to the rest of the staff . She immediately locks herself in the bathroom , where she impulsively shaves her head . As she exits the bathroom , AJ sees that her wrists are bandaged and she admits that she attempted suicide . It is revealed that Deb and Berko , a local rock musician and another store employee with whom Deb is romantically involved , have recently had a fight , but Deb insists that he was not the reason for her suicide attempt . A young shoplifter who identifies himself only as Warren Beatty is apprehended outside the store by Lucas . Soon after , Rex Manning arrives with his assistant Jane . Manning is condescending toward Joe , the rest of the staff , and his fans . Corey demands to bring Rex his lunch and awkwardly attempts to seduce him during his lunch break . When Manning responds with a crude pass , Corey runs off in embarrassment . A lovesick AJ finally attempts to tell Corey how he feels about her . Corey , emotionally overwhelmed by her encounter with her idol , tells AJ that she can not handle his admission . Crushed , AJ abandons his plan . In the meanwhile , both Joe and Berko attempt to reach out to Deb , who refuses to explain her behavior or the circumstances that led to her bandaged wrists . Deb buries herself in work , but is clearly upset . As the afternoon progresses , the plan to convert Empire Records into a Music Town is revealed , and Joe admits that he had hoped to buy Mitchell out . However , Joe will now have to use his money to replace what Lucas lost , and Empire Records is now doomed to become a Music Town . The afternoon continues to spiral downward . Corey accuses Gina of encouraging her ill - advised behavior around Rex . Outraged at the accusation and seeking to hurt Corey , Gina seduces Rex Manning , much to the horror of her friends . When Corey confronts her , calling her a slut , Gina retaliates by revealing Corey 's secret amphetamine habit , which helps her stay up all night studying . Corey has a hysterical episode and has to be physically restrained by Joe . Uncharacteristically , Deb shows sympathy towards the always perfect Corey having a near meltdown and helps calm her . Corey , after hearing about Deb 's suicide attempt , arranges a " funeral " for her where all her friends gather around and say things that they love about her . Lucas reveals that Joe actually rescued him from the orphanage as a teen , and was trying to repay him for his kindness . Deb admits she tried to kill herself . During the mock funeral , " Warren " returns with a gun and holds up the store . Deb boldly confronts Warren , confusing him and distracting him from his plan , and the rest of the staff persuade Warren into admitting that he only returned because he felt kinship with the rest of the misfits in the store , leading Joe to offer him a job . After the police leave , Lucas admits defeat , and suggests calling Mitchell . However , his friends and coworkers , pool their resources to replace the missing money . Despite their best efforts , they are thousands short . Suddenly inspired , Mark runs out of the store and impulsively jumps in front of a news crew covering the hold up and announces a late night benefit party / concert to save Empire . Between AJ 's art , various money raising efforts by the rest of the staff , a rooftop concert featuring Berko and Gina , enough is made to replace the money Lucas lost . Joe and Lucas return the money to Mitchell , and promptly quit . Mitchell , appalled at the debacle and the prospect of managing the store without Joe , offers to sell it to him . Joe agrees . Corey tells AJ that she really does love him , too , but that she now hates him for doubting his ability to succeed in art school . AJ tells her he has quit the store , and has been accepted to an art school in Boston , and they finally kiss .
Kyle negative her ; Stephanie negative Kyle ; her negative Marcus ; Carson negative her ; Carson negative Stephanie ; Carson neutral Kyle <$> Kyle Pratt is an American engineer based in Berlin . After her husband David fell off the roof of their building to his death , Kyle decides to bury him on Long Island , flying there with her six year - old daughter Julia aboard a passenger aircraft which Kyle helped design . After falling asleep , Kyle wakes to find that Julia is missing . She begins to panic , and Captain Marcus Rich is forced to conduct a search . As none of the passengers remember seeing her daughter , Julia has no register in either the Berlin airport or the passenger manifest , and Kyle can not find Julia 's boarding pass , Marcus and the other crew members suspect that Kyle has become unhinged by her husband 's death , and has imagined bringing her daughter aboard . One flight attendant Stephanie is exceptionally unsympathetic . Faced with the crew 's increasing skepticism regarding her daughter 's existence , Kyle becomes increasingly desperate . Because of her increasingly erratic , panicked behavior , air marshal Gene Carson is ordered to guard and handcuff her . Marcus receives a wire from the hospital in Berlin that says Julia was with her father when he fell off the roof and also died of internal injuries . Kyle furiously denies it . The crew believes she is delusional . A therapist on board tries to console her , causing Kyle to doubt her own sanity until she notices that a heart Julia had drawn earlier on the window next to her seat is real . Kyle is emboldened and convinces the therapist to let her use the bathroom . Instead of doing so , she climbs into the upper compartment and sabotages the aircraft 's electronics , deploying the oxygen masks and interrupting lighting . She uses the chaos to take an elevator to the lower freight deck . She desperately searches for Julia and finally opens her husband 's casket to which she emotionally breaks down . Carson finds her , puts her in handcuffs and escorts her back . Kyle makes a final plea to Carson that she needs to search the plane upon landing . Carson considers for a moment , then " goes to speak to the captain . " He sneaks back into the freight deck to remove two explosives and a detonator concealed in David 's casket , then climbs down to the avionics section , revealing Julia who is sleeping . He attaches the explosives to the side of the platform . At this point , it is revealed that Carson , Stephanie , and the coroner in Berlin are part of a conspiracy . Carson tells the captain that Kyle is a hijacker and is threatening to blow up the aircraft unless the airline transfers $ 50,000,000 into a bank account . The conspirators killed Kyle 's husband and abducted Julia in order to frame Kyle . Carson tells an unnerved Stephanie that he intends to blow up the aircraft , killing the unconscious Julia , and leave Kyle dead with the detonator in her hand . After making an emergency landing at Goose Bay Airport in Goose Bay , Labrador , Canada , the passengers exit the aircraft as the tarmac is surrounded by U.S. FBI agents . As the captain is leaving , Kyle runs to speak to him with Carson in tow . The captain demands she give up her charade having stated that $ 50,000,000 demanded by her has been paid . This is the singular moment she realises how she has been manipulated . Thinking quickly Kyle demands that Carson stay on board and the crew disembark . Carson hesitates and too realises that if he refuses then it would be seen that the charade would be his . As soon as the plane 's door closes , Kyle knocks Carson unconscious , handcuffs him to a rail , and takes the detonator from his pocket . Stephanie comes out of hiding . Carson regains consciousness and fires at Kyle with a concealed gun , sending her running . He chases after Kyle shooting , until she locks herself in the cockpit . She opens a hatch door to the upper level and throws out a binder to fool him . Carson hears the upstairs thud and leaves . Kyle exits and encounters a guilt - ridden Stephanie . Stephanie panics and flees the plane . Kyle searches avionics and finds the unconscious Julia . Carson soon follows , and while searching , tells her how he gagged and dumped her daughter into the food bin . He disparages the people aboard who would never care enough to notice . Carson points his gun to where Julia lay before , but they 're not there . He turns around and sees Kyle carrying Julia , with the detonator in hand . Carson shoots at her as she closes the door . She detonates the explosives , killing Carson . Everyone watches in shock and amazement as Kyle carries her daughter out onto the tarmac . Later , Marcus apologizes to a seated Kyle holding Julia in her arms . Stephanie is led away by FBI agents . Kyle carries Julia still unconscious through the crowd of passengers . Before loading her daughter into a van to take them away , Julia wakes up and sleepily asks " Are we there yet ? " as they drive away .
Vasundhara negative Ravi <$> Ravi , played by Uday Kiran , is the son of a multimillionaire in Hyderabad . Vasundhara , is the daughter of a milk supplier . Ravi and Vasundhara both study in same college . The film starts with Vasundhara showing hatred towards Ravi , as he is a sportsman who is not good in his studies . Over a period of time , her hatred turns into love . Finally , they both fall in love , but their parents do not agree for their marriage . Parents plan to avoid the marriage by giving the couple a clause that they should not meet each other for one year . If their love remains even after one year then their parents would agree to let them marry . Father of Ravi puts him under house arrest in Mumbai . While Vasundhara 's Father takes her to his hometown and arranges a forced marriage . However both Ravi and vasundara manage to escape . The rest of the story is about how the pair unites against all odds .
Catherine positive Ed <$> An amiable garage mechanic , Ed Walters , meets Catherine Boyd , a beautiful Princeton University mathematics doctoral candidate , as she comes into the garage , accompanied by her stiff and fussy English fiancé , experimental psychology professor James Moreland . There is an immediate connection , but she refuses to acknowledge it . Finding a watch she left at the garage , Ed travels to her address and finds himself face to face with Albert Einstein , who is Catherine 's uncle . Albert , portrayed as a fun - loving genius who along with his mischievous friends , fellow scientists Nathan Liebknecht , Kurt Gödel , and Boris Podolsky , sees Ed as someone who would be better suited for Catherine . The four of them attempt to help Ed look and sound more like a scientist , while at the same time trying to convince Catherine that life is not all about the mind but about the heart as well . This is intended to be Einstein 's most enduring legacy to his niece as he realizes that he 'll not be available for her for very much longer . Catherine eventually sees through the ruse , but falls for Ed anyway . The very last image in the movie is of a smiling Albert Einstein using a small telescope to spy on the two young moonstruck lovers as they take delight in each other 's company .
Escadrille positive he <$> Thad Walker , a spoiled , rich kid from Boston , who had gotten in serious trouble with the law , fled to France to join the French Foreign Legion in World War I . In Paris , with companions , " Duke " Sinclair , Dave Putnam , Tom Hitchcock and Bill Wellman , the boys stop at a bar and learn of the recent formation of the Lafayette Escadrille made up of American volunteer pilots who fly for France . The group of expatriates join up and learn to fly on training aircraft before becoming combat pilots . While off duty , Walker meets and falls in love with Renée Beaulieu , a common streetwalker with some sensitivity ; she quits the oldest profession and takes a job , reforming for her American lover 's sake . Walker 's father beat him , and he resents any kind of authority . When a strutting , arrogant French officer , irritated by the young man 's inability to understand commands in French , strikes him , he knocks the officer to the ground , a very serious offense . Before he can be jailed , his pals smuggle Walker out of camp . He then spends a great deal of time hiding in Paris in his sweetheart 's apartment . His friends continue with their training while Walker works for the Madam , hoping to make enough money to run away to South America with his girlfriend . Later , the now veteran pilots he had befriended come to the bar and Walker realizes he still wants to redeem himself . Convincing an American general that he is sincere , when the United States enters the war , he joins the American Air Service . Wellman based the contact with an American general on his own encounter with General John J. " Black Jack " Pershing.Thompson 1983 , pp. 35 – 36 . Walker finally is able to fly a mission with the Lafayette Escadrille , where he proves to be a superb fighter pilot . Returning to Paris , Walker asks his friends to join him as he weds Renée .
Lorenzo negative Larkins ; Mariette neutral Lorenzo <$> Irritated neighbor Wendell Burnshaw brings the Larkin family to the attention of the Internal Revenue Service . Lorenzo Charlton is assigned to the case by his boss , Kelsey . Ma and Pop Larkin warmly welcome him to their family farm in Maryland , at first unaware of why he is there . Lorenzo is aghast to learn that the Larkins have never filed a tax return . With their cooperation , he sets out to figure out what , if anything , they owe in the way of back taxes , a difficult task , as Pop usually just trades for what they need and keeps no records . Lorenzo and the eldest Larkin daughter , Mariette , become attracted to each other , but he does not let that get in the way of his work , at least not at first . However , as time goes by , he begins to loosen up and lose some of his buttoned - down mentality . When Kelsey and Burnshaw drop by to check his progress , Kelsey is displeased with this development . He takes charge of the investigation and sends Lorenzo back to the office in disgrace . Kelsey calculates the Larkins owe $ 50,000 . The Larkins are unable to pay such a large sum , so Kelsey tells them they can either sell the farm to Burnshaw or face foreclosure . The Larkins ' many friends rally round them and offer to buy some of their junk for inflated prices , but Pop proudly turns them down . Meanwhile , Mariette goes to see Lorenzo . The family 's only hope is a receipt for 30 horses bought by the government in the American Civil War and never paid for . With great difficulty , they manage to see Inspector General Bigelow ( [ [ Charles Lane . His legal department calculates that the Larkins are owed , with all the interest that has accrued , over $ 14 million . Pop decides not to accept it , as he did nothing to earn it , but Lorenzo gets Bigelow to agree to apply it against all present and future taxes owing .
Shyam positive Aiki <$> Shyam Prasad is an honest ACP who comes into conflict with the local don , Dhanraj . The goons kill Shyam 's son , Moksha , and he does not reveal this to his family but fears the villains may kill his daughter also.He threatens Shyam 's family so the police department arranges for an officer to provide security for them . Deva arrives soon after.Instead of Deva , Veera comes and saves Shyam 's life instead of Deva , the bodyguard . Shyam 's family still believe that their son is in the boarding school and waits for his call a sunday , but instead this they were told their son went on an excursion . Shyam got tensed but reveal everything to Deva - Veera ! When he goes to drop Anjali to school with Tiger with whom he shares his room , on their way he met Aiki , the actress falls for him . Shyaam 's wife Sathya dislikes Deva and does n't want him involved with her family while Aiki falls in love with him . Shyaam learns that Deva is not the security officer appointed by the police department.It is revealed that Deva is Veera a person who is like a god to the whole village and Sathya is his step sister.In the flashback he has a conflict with a goon who wants to vacate the whole village to build a factory for which veera opposes.The whole family of Veera is killed when Veera is not at there including his wife kabadi chiti , and the climax is Veera killing the villains .
Raj positive Kajal ; Jiya neutral Raj ; Karan negative Kajal <$> Young Raj Malhotra lives with his elder brother , Rohit ; his sister - in - law Kiran , and a niece . After an accident fractures his leg , he is unable to walk for some time . Due to psychological reasons , he can not walk even after the fracture heals . When the Malhotras move to Dehra Dun , Raj befriends young Kajal , as both share a common passion for airplanes . Kajal encourages Raj to walk , and succeeds . Years later the two continue to be fast friends , and everyone expects them to marry soon . Then Raj is recruited by the Indian Air Force and goes for training for a year and a half . After his training gets over , he rushes to Kajal to propose to her , only to find out that she has given her heart to a multimillionaire , Karan Singhania , who owns several airplanes and choppers . Raj congratulates Kajal and Karan , but does not reveal his true feelings . Thereafter the Malhotras move to Nainital , and Raj relocates to Europe for more training . It is here that he meets the gorgeous and fun - loving , Jiya . Jiya falls for Raj , but Raj , however is unable to take Kajal out of his mind . Later on , after much pleading and pressure from his family , Raj decides to marry Jiya and move on with his life . While visiting Jiya 's family , Raj learns that Kajal is Jiya 's sister - in - law . Also he comes face to face with the harsh truth that Kajal is a widow now after Karan 's death in a plane crash . Kajal thinks that she is responsible for Karan 's death and also loses her mental balance and ends up in a hospital after attempting suicide . Raj recovers Kajal from the depression and enables her to come face to face with life again , also he expresses his true feelings to her and proposes to her .
Nandu negative Vijay <$> Vijay is the commander of an anti-terrorist squad . He gets engaged to Tejaswini who is pregnant with their child . Vijay 's twin brother Nandu is psychotic and is in a mental asylum . Vijay takes Tejaswini to the asylum so that Nandu can meet her . In his delusions , Nandu decides that she is his evil stepmother . Nandu , who killed his stepmother when he was twelve , decides that he must kill Tejaswini to protect Vijay . Nandu escapes from the asylum and searches for Tejaswini . In the process , he takes drugs and kills people under their influence . Upon realising his brother 's intentions , Vijay is determined to save his fianceé , even if it means killing his brother .
Max positive Shawn ; Max negative Adrian ; Max negative J.J. ; Bobby negative Max ; Bobby neutral J.J. ; Kim negative Max <$> The film opens on a U.S. military base in South Korea . Personnel receives word that a U.S. submarine has become disabled in international waters near North Korea . A team of four Navy SEALS travels to the underwater site of the sub , rescues the captain , and lays explosives . The captain is airlifted from the SEALS ' raft and taken to safety . Shortly after , the SEALS ' raft is intercepted by a North Korean helicopter just as the explosives detonate , destroying the submarine . The SEALS are captured and placed in prison cells in a North Korean fortress . Back home on the base , the SEALS ' children watch news of their fathers ' trial . The North Korean government alleges that the SEALS were engaged in espionage . Under North Korean law , if they are found guilty , they could be executed . Max , the son of Admiral Rothman , is an electronics whiz . By planting homemade bugs , he learns that a rescue mission is being planned . He shares this information with his friends , Shawn Howard and Adrian Phillips , whose fathers were among the captured SEALS . An official meeting is scheduled to take place on the base . Max plants a listening bug in the conference room so that he , Shawn , and Adrian can listen in via radio . In the meeting , a rescue mission is proposed , code - named " Operation Phoenix , " involving infiltration of the North Korean base to rescue the SEALS . However , unwilling to risk aggravation of North Korea and its allies , the Secretary of the State insists that the operation is out of the question . Shawn Howard gives a tape of the meeting to J.J. Merrill , a rebellious teenager whose father was also on the captured SEAL team . J.J. proposes that they carry out the mission themselves . Shawn and Max secretly copy the operation plans , and J.J. says he can get a boat from someone in the city . Dressed in drag , Max drives Adrian 's mother 's car off the base past curfew , smuggling the three others in the back . At the harbor , J.J. learns that he 's been ripped off , and they have no boat . He suggests they steal a motorboat docked next to a bar where its owners are busy getting drunk . Max bids the three farewell . The stealing of the boat goes sour , so Max creates a diversion by rigging the car to crash , but not before discovering that Shawn 's little brother , Bobby , was hiding in the trunk . Fearing for their safety , Max and Bobby get into the boat , and all five speed away under gunfire . The next morning , the five argue over whether or not to continue with their plan with Bobby and Max aboard , seeing as how Bobby is a liability , and Max 's father was n't among the captured . Max convinces the group to continue onward and carry out the plan , him and Bobby included . Shortly after , the group evades a patrol boat and enters North Korean waters . In the village of Sang - Ri , near the fortress where the SEALS are held , the teens locate the hideout of Col. Kim Song of South Korean Intelligence , who was intended to assist with Operation Phoenix . He is impressed with their bravery , but says that they have no chance without American Special Forces . He plans to escort them back home to safety . That night , the teens sneak out and continue on foot to the fortress . Travelling through a well and sewer system , they find a stash of smoke canisters and grenades . Going up through another well , they enter the base . The group rigs fireworks on the base , originally intended for a " Workers ' Day " celebration , in order to create a diversion . J.J. steals a North Korean military uniform and enters the building where the SEALS are held . He gets into a brawl with the guard , but J.J. 's father reaches through his cell bars and breaks the guard 's neck . J.J. sends a signal and Shawn and Max light the fireworks , now aimed downward at the North Korean base . J.J. frees the SEALS . Kim Song and his men show up at the base in disguise and aid the group in fighting its way out and back down the well . They slide down a long drain pipe and end up back in the village . They drive via truck to an airfield and secure a twin - engine cargo plane , which Adrian 's father pilots . Kim Song stays behind to hold off the North Koreans and give them time to take off . The aircraft is fired upon from North Korean anti-air guns , disabling one of its engines and causing a fuel leak . The plane crosses the border back into South Korea . The South Korean base scrambles fighter jets to intercept , fearing the plane is an intruder from the North . Bobby sticks out of the top hatch of the plane and flashes his Bruce Springsteen T - Shirt , identifying the passengers as American to the fighter jets . Approaching the runway at the base , the plane runs out of fuel , but Lt. Phillips is still able to make a safe landing . Triumphant , the group exits the plane and reunites with their families .
Ruth positive Vukovich ; Ling neutral FBI ; Ling negative Vukovich ; Grimes negative Vukovich ; Ruth positive Ling <$> Richard Chance and Jimmy Hart are United States Secret Service agents assigned as counterfeiting investigators in its Los Angeles field office . Chance has a reputation for reckless behavior , while Hart is three days away from retirement . Alone , Hart stakes out a warehouse in the desert thought to be a print house of counterfeiter Rick Masters . When Masters and his bodyguard kill Hart , Chance explains to his new partner , John Vukovich , that he will take Masters down no matter what . The two agents attempt to get information on Masters by putting one of his criminal associates , attorney Max Waxman , under surveillance . Vukovich falls asleep on watch , and consequently they fail to catch Masters in the act of murdering Waxman . While Vukovich wants to go by the book , Chance becomes increasingly reckless and unethical in his efforts to catch Masters . While Chance relies on his sexual - extortion relationship with parolee / informant Ruth for information , Vukovich meets privately with Masters ' attorney , Bob Grimes . Grimes , acknowledging a potential conflict of interest that could ruin his legal practice , agrees to set up a meeting between his client and the two agents , who engage Masters by posing as bankers from Palm Springs interested in Masters ' counterfeiting services . Masters is reluctant to work with them , but ultimately agrees to print them $ 1,000,000 worth of fake bills . In turn , Masters charges $ 30,000 in front money , which is three times what the agents are legally able to obtain from their office . To get the money , Chance persuades Vukovich to aid him in robbing Thomas Ling , a man whom Ruth previously told Chance is looking to purchase $ 50,000 worth of stolen diamonds . However , Ling is really an undercover FBI agent . Ling is accidentally shot to death by backup agents , whom Chance and Vukovich lead on a wild chase through the streets and freeways of Los Angeles . After they escape , unidentified , Vukovich is consumed by guilt for his role in the accidental shooting while Chance is apathetic , focused solely on getting Masters . Unable to persuade Chance to come clean about their role in Ling 's death , Vukovich meets with Grimes , who advises him to turn himself in and testify against Chance in exchange for a lighter sentence . Vukovich refuses to implicate his partner . At the exchange of the counterfeit million , the agents move to arrest Masters , but his bodyguard pulls a shotgun . The bodyguard and Chance fatally shoot each other and Masters escapes . Vukovich gives chase , following Masters to a warehouse . By the time Vukovich arrives , Masters has set fire to the contents of the place , destroying all evidence of his crimes . Vukovich confronts Masters and during a brief struggle , Masters asks Vukovich why he did n't take Grimes ' advice to turn his partner in , revealing that Grimes was working on Masters ' behalf all along . Vukovich is knocked unconscious ; Masters covers Vukovich with shredded paper and is about to set him on fire when Vukovich recovers and shoots Masters . Masters accidentally sets himself ablaze , while Vukovich empties his gun on the burning man . After Masters ' death , Grimes gives his estate to Masters ' girlfriend Bianca . Showing little remorse , she rides away in Masters ' black Ferrari with another woman . Vukovich visits Chance 's informant Ruth as she 's packing up to leave L.A . He mentions Chance 's death , and guesses she had known Ling was FBI . He knows Chance had left her with the remaining cash that his agency now wants back . Vukovich states that Ruth is working for him now .
Amar negative Shankar ; Amar neutral Asha <$> Street-wise and poor , Amar Nath makes a living selling cinema tickets and fast - food snacks outside cinema halls . He is taken under the wing of a politician and Chair of the " Garibon Ki Party ' , Shankar Narayan , allowed to join the Police Academy , and returns as a Police Inspector . He falls in love and gets married to Asha , the only daughter of multi-millionaire businessman , Sitaram . When he successfully apprehends and kills a terrorist by the name of Anil Raj , he is promoted as the Assistant Commisisoner of Police . Asha shares his joy , and soon both are informed that they will soon be proud parents . Then Amar also apprehends and kills a smuggler by the Koya Koya Atachi , and gets immensely popular with the public , so much so that Shankar Narayan resigns and asks Amar to be the Chair of the political party , which Amar accepts and quits his job from the Police Force . It is then that pregnant Asha finds out that Amar is not who he claims to be but is a pawn in the hands of skilled politicians - who have been using him as their hit - man , and now are ready to use him as the Chief Minister so that they can carry on with their nefarious activities . Watch what Asha does to prevent Amar from influencing their newborn son , and from attaining power .
Tony neutral Gaby <$> Stage and screen star Tony Hunter , a veteran of musical comedy , is concerned that his career might be in decline . His good friends Lester and Lily Marton have written a stage show that they believe is perfect for his comeback . Tony signs up , despite misgivings after the director , Jeffrey Cordova , changes the light comedy into a dark reinterpretation of the Faust legend , with himself as the Devil and Tony as the Faust character . Tony also feels intimidated by the youth , beauty , and classical background of his female co-star , noted ballerina Gabrielle " Gaby " Gerard . Unbeknownst to him , she is just as insecure in his presence , awed by his long stardom . Eventually , it all proves too much for Tony . He walks out , but Gaby speaks with him alone and they work out their differences . They also begin to fall in love , though she already has a commitment to the show 's choreographer Paul Byrd . When the first out - of - town tryout in New Haven proves to be a disaster , Tony persuades Jeffrey to let him convert the production back into what the Martons had originally envisioned . Tony takes charge of the production , taking the show on tour to perfect the new lighthearted musical numbers . Since the original backers have walked out , Tony finances it by selling his personal art collection . Byrd walks out , but Gaby remains . The revised show proves to be a hit on its Broadway opening . Afterwards , Gaby lets Tony know how she feels about him .
Elizabeth positive Radley ; Danny positive Carla ; Danny positive Ernie ; his positive Carla <$> After receiving a well - earned certification from a sheltered boarding school , Carla Tate , an ambitious and mildly mentally challenged autistic young woman , returns home to her over-protective mother Elizabeth . Elizabeth seems to act as if she is embarrassed about her daughter 's disability . During family discussions , Elizabeth adopts an uneasy attitude . Her wisdom - hard - won father Radley is a dentist and . Carla 's ambition is to seek more independence from her family by earning a diploma from a trade school . When Carla meets another mentally challenged student , Daniel McMann , they become friends and soon fall in love . Envying Danny 's freedom , Carla convinces her parents she is capable of living on her own and moves into her own apartment . After a time , Carla and Danny become sexually active together . Danny 's independence is financially compromised when his wealthy and emotionally detached father abruptly stops sending subsistence money . Danny begins to realize that the independence he enjoyed comes with a staggering cost . Danny gets drunk , then seeks solace and insight from his landlord and friend , Ernie . At a Christmas holiday party , nervous about his personal lot , Daniel drinks too much to build up his courage to declare his love for Carla , also telling everyone about their first time making love . A humiliated Carla bursts into tears , screaming at everyone to stop laughing at her . Although Daniel did not intend to embarrass Carla , she nonetheless refuses to see him . Over time , Carla realizes she still loves Danny and wants to see him again despite her mother 's advising her otherwise . At her sister 's wedding , Danny surprises Carla by showing up at the church and asking Carla to marry him , in a scene mimicking The Graduate , the couple 's favorite movie . Everyone supports their wishes except Elizabeth , who is unsure Danny can take care of himself , let alone Carla , who becomes angry , telling her mother she is sick of her dominance and doubt and is also sick of her treating her like an embarrassment . Carla 's father and her sisters support her decision , and the wedding is planned . At first , Elizabeth is determined not to attend ; but Radley admonishes her , saying he will walk Carla down the aisle , and finally she relents . Outside the church , Danny surprises Carla with a marching band playing a song from The Music Man . . . and they are chauffeured away to their honeymoon in Ernie 's prized Mustang .
Ben negative Corey ; Sarah negative Ben ; Scooby negative Ben ; Fred positive Daphne ; Ben neutral Velma ; Scooby negative Corey ; McKnight negative Thorn ; Scooby neutral Sarah <$> Ben Ravencroft , a famous horror writer who Velma is a big fan of , assists the Mystery , Inc. gang in solving a case at a museum . Ben invites them to his hometown , Oakhaven in New England . When they arrive , they find the town converted into a tourist attraction by Mayor Corey , complete with 17th - century replicas and attractions based on the alleged ghost of Sarah Ravencroft , an ancestor of Ben 's who was persecuted as a witch by the town in 1657 . Ben disputes this , claiming Sarah to be a Wiccan who used natural herbs to heal people and had a diary that could prove her innocence . Scooby and Shaggy are chased by a witch and run into Ben and the gang . They find broken tree branches at the scene and are drawn to an all - female goth rock band , " Hex Girls " , lead by Sally " Thorn " McKnight . The gang then decides to split up ; Fred and Daphne stay to watch the Hex Girls , Velma and Ben go explore an old barn and Shaggy and Scooby follow the Mayor . Fred and Daphne see Thorn doing some sort of ritual and are convinced the Hex Girls are witches . Velma and Ben find a cherry - picking truck in the barn . Scooby and Shaggy follow Corey , until they encounter the witch and flee to the gang . The gang , Ben and the Hex Girls meet in the woods . The witch appears and gives chase , but is captured by Velma . The witch is revealed to be Mr. McKnight , who is Thorn 's father . Velma locates the truck and explains that the truck 's arm made the witch appear to fly , with the townspeople jointly involved . Ben scolds everyone involved for exploiting Sarah 's good name . Back at Ben 's house , the gang apologize to the Hex Girls and Thorn explains the ritual was for soothing her vocal cords and that she is actually part Wiccan . Corey and Mr. McKnight arrive to apologize to Ben for using his ancestor in their publicity stunt , explaining the witch was to boost the town 's failing tourist economy and that they found inspiration from digging up the head marker for Sarah 's grave . It is then recalled that Scooby found what appeared to be belt buckle earlier , which was actually from Sarah 's diary . Everyone goes to the buckle 's location , where Scooby discovers the buried book , which is actually a spell book . Ben reveals that Sarah was indeed a witch who was imprisoned within her book by Wiccans . He engineered the encounters with the gang , as he knew they could lead him to the book . Ben taps into his ancestral powers and summons Sarah . He soon discovers , however , that her ambitions are to destroy the world , rather than build it . Disillusioned , Ben attempts to imprison Sarah , but learns that only a Wiccan could defeat her . The gang launches an attempt to get the book with Sarah turning pumpkins , trees , and turkeys into monsters to stop them . Daphane and Velma free the Hex Girls and Velma convinces Thorn to use her part Wiccan ancestry to banish Sarah into her imprisonment . Sarah , however , manages to pull Ben in to suffer her fate , and they are both imprisoned inside the book . The book is then destroyed when a tree branch which caught fire falls on it and incinerates it . The gang and townsfolk celebrate their deliverance with a Hex Girl concert .
Joe positive Terry <$> Two friends and convicts , Joe Terry , break out of Oregon State Penitentiary in a concrete mixing truck and start a bank robbing spree , hoping to fund a dream they share . They become known as the " Sleepover Bandits " because of their modus operandi : they kidnap the manager of a target bank the night before a planned robbery , then spend the night with the manager 's family ; early the next morning , they accompany the manager to the bank to get their money . Using dim - witted would - be stunt man Harvey Pollard as their getaway driver and lookout , the three successfully pull off a series of robberies that gets them recognition on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted list . When a housewife with a failing marriage decides to run away , she ends up in the hands of the criminals . Initially attracted to Joe , she also ends up in bed with Terry and a confused love triangle begins . The three of them go on the lam and manage to pull off a few more robberies , but after a while the two begin to fight over Kate , and she decides to leave them . The two criminals then decide to pull off one last job . The story is told in flashbacks , framed by the story of the pair 's last robbery of the Alamo Bank , as told by Criminals at Large , a fictional reality television show . The show tells the story of the last job to be a failure when Kate tips off the police and the two are caught in the act . The two then begin to argue when Joe tells the police " You wo n't take us alive ! " and the argument gets to the point where the two of them shoot each other dead . At the end of the film the real story behind the last job is revealed : Harvey used some of his special effects to make it seem as though Terry and Joe were shooting each other . Harvey and his girlfriend then ran in dressed as paramedics and placed the stolen money , Terry , and Joe in body bags . In the ambulance , Harvey uses electronics to blow out his tires which sends the ambulance into a junkyard . Under his jumpsuit , Harvey was wearing a fire suit . He lights himself on fire and rigs a bomb to go off . Kate , Harvey , Harvey 's girlfriend , Terry , and Joe flee the scene , leading officials to believe the bodies were burned . Reunited , Joe , Terry , Harvey and Kate make it to Mexico to live out their dream . The last scene shows Harvey getting married in Mexico and Kate kissing Joe and Terry passionately .
Boyd negative Colqhoun ; Ives positive Colqhoun ; Ives negative Hart ; Boyd negative Ives ; Boyd negative Hart ; Slauson negative Boyd <$> During the Mexican - American War , Second Lieutenant Boyd fights in the United States Army . But in battle his courage fails him , and , to avoid being killed , he plays dead — while his unit is massacred . He is transported along with the other dead back to the Mexican headquarters . However , in a moment of sudden bravery , he captures the Mexican command . For his heroism Boyd is promoted to Captain , but when his commanding officer learns of the cowardice by which his victory was achieved , he exiles Boyd to the remote Fort Spencer in the Sierra Nevada mountain range . After Boyd joins the seven other inhabitants of Fort Spencer , a stranger named Colqhoun arrives and describes his wagon train becoming lost in the Sierra Nevadas and being reduced to cannibalism to avoid starvation . The party 's guide , a Colonel Ives , had promised the party a shorter route to the Pacific Ocean but instead led them on a more circuitous route , and was then the one to lead their turn to cannibalism . The soldiers stationed at the fort see it as their duty to investigate and search for survivors , and so assemble a rescue party . Before they leave they are warned by their Native American scout , George , of the Wendigo myth ; a story that a man consuming the flesh of his enemies takes their strength but becomes a demon cursed by a hunger for human flesh . When they reach the cave where the party had taken refuge they realize that Colqhoun is Ives and has lured them into a trap . He had killed his five companions and sets about killing the soldiers from Fort Spencer one by one , including the commanding officer , Colonel Hart . Boyd manages to escape the massacre by jumping off a cliff , breaking his leg in the process . He hides in a pit along with the body of a fellow soldier and eventually he eats some of the man 's flesh to stay alive . When he finally limps back into the fort he is delirious and severely traumatized ; none of the remaining soldiers believe his wild tale , and a second expedition finds no bodies or any trace of the man . A temporary commander is assigned to the fort and to Boyd 's horror it turns out to be Colqhoun , now cleaned up and calling himself Colonel Ives . The others still refuse to believe that Ives is the killer , especially after he bears no sign of the wounds inflicted on him during the massacre . Ives tells Boyd that he used to suffer from tuberculosis , but when a Native scout told him the Wendigo myth he " just had to try , " murdering him , eating his flesh and in the process curing his maladies . Having murdered the expedition he led he now plans to use the fort as a base to do the same to other passing travellers ; he compares the location of the fort , with the guaranteed supply of isolated migrants that it entails , to the notion of Manifest Destiny that draws them there . Boyd is suspected of murder after another soldier mysteriously dies and is chained up ; he watches helplessly while the last officer is murdered by an unexpected ally of Ives : Colonel Hart , back from the dead after the massacre . Ives saved Hart by feeding him his own comrades , and now Hart is addicted , like Colqhoun , to human meat . Ives wounds Boyd and forces him to make a choice : eat or die . Eventually Boyd gives in and eats a stew made out of the last officer killed , and his wound heals . But rather than join the two men in their conspiracy to convert General Slauson , he convinces Hart to free him so he can kill Ives . Hart does so , but asks Boyd to kill him first as he no longer wants to live as a cannibal . A battle between Boyd and Ives takes place at the climax , with both men wounding each other badly , yet they wo n't die easily due to their new recuperative powers . Finally , Boyd forces Ives onto a large bear trap and springs it , pinning them both together . Ives taunts Boyd by telling him he 'll eat him as soon as he dies , but Ives expires first . Boyd refuses to save himself by eating Ives ' body and dies on top of his adversary . Martha , George 's sister , stumbles upon the bodies of both Ives and Boyd , closes the door , and walks away . General Slauson arrives , and , while his aide looks around — the general tastes the stew that was left on the fire .
Leann negative John ; Janie positive Dana ; Janie negative Maggie ; Janie neutral Cliftons ; Janie negative John ; Russell negative John <$> In California , John Netherwood and his wife Leann Netherwood are fugitives who are wanted for murder . They have a 6 - year - old daughter named Janie . John and Leann are robbing a house when the elderly residents of the house show up . After killing the two residents , John and Leann go outside , where there are cops waiting . John and Leann escape after John gets shot by Officer David Carrey . Janie is found in the car that John and Leann left behind , and Janie is placed up for adoption . Helped by adoption agency case worker Maggie Hass , Los Angeles architect Russell Clifton and his photographer wife Dana adopt Janie , welcoming a traumatized Janie into their home . Though intelligent and charming , Janie 's behavior is very disturbing : She hides in closets , cuts herself , steals food , and draws monstrous pictures of the " Tooth Fairy , " of whom she 's terrified . Russell and Dana believe that with love , Janie will be alright . The Netherwoods begin planning to reclaim Janie . Leann picks up Officer Carrey , and John tortures the name of the adoption agency out of Carrey before Leann slits Carrey 's throat , killing Carrey . The Netherwoods then force Maggie to tell them who adopted Janie , then they kill Maggie . At the same time , Russell and Dana have found out who Janie 's biological parents are . Leann tries to kidnap Janie from school , forcing the Cliftons to go into hiding with Janie . The Netherwoods track down the Cliftons ' friends , Lisa Marie Chandler and her husband Gil Chandler , and Leann threatens to hurt the Chandlers ' newborn baby , forcing Lisa Marie to tell Leann where the Cliftons are hiding -- a half - built house that Russell designed for himself , Dana , and Janie . The Netherwoods head to the half - built house and take Janie and the Cliftons hostage . John sets the house on fire . Russell and John struggle with each other , then John starts running through the burning house looking for Janie , who has now run off into the nearby woods . Along the way , John runs into Leann in the blinding smoke . Leann has found Dana and Janie , and has had a change of heart . Because of that , John kills Leann by snapping her neck . Dana runs into the woods to find Janie , and John is following Dana . John is the first to find Janie , and Janie pulls out a knife , stabs John in the stomach , and then says " I learned that from you , Daddy . " Just as John is about to lunge at Janie for stabbing him , Russell shows up and grabs a log the size of a baseball bat , and he hits John with it , knocking John to the ground . When John gets back up and tries to lunge again , Russell hits John in the head with the log , killing John . Dana finds Russell and Janie , and Janie finally feels comfortable about being with the Cliftons .
Khan neutral Daya ; her negative he ; he negative Daya ; her neutral Khan ; her negative Daya ; her neutral Bittu <$> { { Plot } } Simran drowns her misery in booze . Her one friend in Seoul , is Aakash , a singer in an Indian restaurant . Originally a bar dancer in Mumbai , India , Simran is the girlfriend of a notorious gangster , Daya . Five years ago , Daya 's boss Khan ordered Daya to give Simran up . When Khan threatened Simran , Daya turned on him and Khan cut Daya loose from his gang . She and Daya were forced to flee to Seoul . They took a small boy named Bittu with them . After an encounter with the Mumbai police , Bittu was killed , causing a strain in the couple 's relationship and pushing Simran toward alcoholism . Leaving Simran alone in Seoul , Daya went to work in Mauritius and then Dubai . Aakash tells Simran that he cares for her despite her past , and their relationship gradually develops from friendship to love . Daya , who is still in Dubai , suddenly comes to Seoul . When he learns of Simran 's affair with Aakash , he attacks and severely beats Aakash in a fit of rage and jealousy . Daya then professes his love for her and promises to reform and fulfill her dreams of a normal life ; he also tells her that if she truly loves Aakash he will not hold her back . Before Simran can respond , the police arrive in pursuit of Daya and Simran , and so the two of them flee . Daya gives up murdering innocents and begins working odd jobs , admitting to Simran that he has found peace in doing honest work . He says that he would like to return to his village in India with her , so that they might live there peacefully , but that in order to do so he would have to perform one last crime : two fake passports for himself and Simran . Simran , who is longing for Aakash , soon discovers that she is pregnant with Aakash 's child . When she tells Aakash of her pregnancy , he comes to meet her and tells her that he would like to marry her , but that they would never find peace as long as Daya was still at large . He says that for the sake of their unborn child , Daya must be turned in to the police , and that only Simran can do this . Simran , who is still emotionally attached to Daya , refuses to turn him in . Meanwhile Daya , who has gone to forge passports for himself and Simran , is intercepted by Khan , who reminds Daya of what had occurred between them years before and says that he intends to make an example of Daya for abandoning the gang . Khan and his men severely beat and wound Daya , who is eventually able to fight back and kill Khan . He then calls Simran , warning her that the police are after them and asking her to meet him outside a Seoul train station that night . Simran arrives at the appointed time to find Daya badly injured from his fight with Khan . He manages to crawl to Simran and takes out a box of sindoor for her . But just as he reaches and embraces her they are surrounded by police cars . Daya realizes that Simran had informed the police ; heartbroken and screaming , he is hauled away . Simran remains at the station until morning and then goes to meet Aakash , whom she finds is not at home . She is soon informed that he is at the Indian embassy . When she reaches the embassy , she enters a room full of reporters and sees a large screen showing a video of her telling Aakash about her relationship with Daya . She is thunderstruck when she sees that the one addressing the media is none other than Aakash , who is actually an undercover Indian detective hired to capture Daya . Realizing that Aakash befriended and wooed her solely to discover Daya 's whereabouts , she explodes in fury in front of the media ; but Aakash holds her back and slaps her across the face . He tells her that he never cared for her and that his involvement with her was only a part of his duty to end organized crime and bring justice to his country . Enraged , Simran tries to attack him but she is stopped by the security . While she is being hauled away , she yells that in order to spread justice Aakash and his colleagues have done her an injustice , and that Daya , who has never betrayed anyone , is not the gangster but Aakash and his men are . She also reminds Aakash that he has betrayed the woman who is carrying his child , and that he will regret his actions . Daya , who has been arrested and taken to jail , sends Simran a letter saying that he does not blame her for what she did and that she is the one who has been betrayed ; he admits that he has done many cruel and bad things in his life , but that thanks to her he now knows what it is like to live an honest life . He encloses her fake passport and , stating his love for her , writes that he would feel better knowing that she is living safely in India . After reading Daya 's letter , Simran is left pained and guilty . Some months later , Daya admits and pleads guilty to his crimes and he is tried and sentenced to death . Simran goes to meet him in prison and asks him to forgive her ; they share an emotional goodbye before Daya is taken away by guards . She later goes to Aakash 's residence and , forcefully entering his house with a gun , shoots and fatally injures him . Before he lapses into unconsciousness , Aakash shoots her in the shoulder and they are both found and taken to a hospital . Aakash dies in the hospital while Simran is transferred to the I.C.U . At dawn she escapes to the roof of the hospital , where she commits suicide by jumping off the roof . At the same time , Daya is hanged . Simran is shown falling through the air , but before she reaches the ground we see her standing in a meadow and gazing at Daya , who is holding Bittu . Smiling , they hold out their arms to her ; she happily runs toward them , and they embrace .
Michael negative Danny ; Michael neutral his ; Michael positive Mathilda ; his positive her ; Mathilda negative his <$> When high school music teacher Michael McCann discovers his wife is pregnant by another man , the couple divorce and Michael retreats into a life of solitude as a maker of finely crafted furniture in rural Virginia . Five years later , his only companion is a valuable collection of gold coins . But his heart is about to be hurt again when Danny Newland , the unsavory younger brother of politician John Newland , crashes his brother 's car outside the woods surrounding Michael 's house . Desperate to recoup the loss of the car , Danny steals Michael 's coins while he is sleeping , takes off into the night and is never seen again . In a winter storm , Michael is startled to discover a toddler has wandered into his home while he was outside gathering wood . A short distance away he discovers the body of her mother , a heroin addict whose car had run out of gas nearby . Unbeknownst to him , the child is the illegitimate daughter of John Newland , who participates in the investigation but keeps his relationship to the little girl a secret in order to protect his career . Michael is permitted to adopt the child and christens her Mathilda . She proves to be a bit of a handful in her early years , but with the help of friend and local shopkeeper April Simon , Michael manages to raise her to be a bright , personable , precocious young lady , and the once sour , lonely man is transformed by her presence . As John Newland watches his daughter grow older , he begins to invite her to join him and wife Nancy in their home . John arranges for her to learn to ride a horse , eventually giving her one of her own . Due to Nancy 's two miscarriages and the couple 's deep desire to have a child , Nancy insists on adoption . John finally reveals Mathilda 's true identity and his desire to adopt her properly . Nancy encourages him to gain custody of the girl , and a trial ensues . Although the lawyer tries to manipulate the court and Mathilda herself to see that the Newlands are the better parents , Mathilda herself still refuses and honestly prefers Michael . The judge is inclined to side with the Newlands , given their wealth and ability to provide Mathilda with advantages she never would have with Michael . Then the remains of Danny Newland - surrounded by the gold coins he had stolen from Michael - are found at the bottom of a quarry his brother was draining to create a lake surrounded by prime real estate he planned to sell for a tidy profit . Michael 's sudden return to wealth turns the tide in his favor , and it is decided Mathilda will remain with him . The film ends with Mathilda visiting her late mother 's grave , which , due to John never saying her name to hide his own political status , was placed in a cemetery for unclaimed bodies .
Kolya neutral Louka <$> The film begins in 1988 while the Soviet bloc is beginning to disintegrate . František Louka , a middle - aged Czech man dedicated to bachelorhood and the pursuit of women , is a concert cellist struggling to make out a living by playing funerals at the Prague crematorium . He has lost his previous job at the Czech Philharmonic due to having been half - accidentally blacklisted as " politically unreliable " by the authorities . A friend offers him a chance to earn a great deal of money through a sham marriage to a Russian woman to enable her to stay in Czechoslovakia . The woman then uses her Czechoslovak citizenship to emigrate and join her boyfriend in West Germany . Due to a concurrence of circumstances , she has to leave behind her Russian - speaking five - year - old son , Kolya , for the disgruntled Czech musician to look after . At first Louka and Kolya have communication difficulties , as they do n't speak each other 's languages and the many false friend words that exist in Czech and Russian add to the confusion . Gradually , though , a bond forms between Louka and Kolya . The child suffers from suspected meningitis and has to be placed on a course of carefully monitored antibiotics . Louka is threatened with imprisonment for his suspect marriage and the child may be placed in a Russian children 's home . The Velvet Revolution intervenes though , and Kolya is reunited with his mother . Louka and Kolya say their goodbyes .
Martin negative Lawson <$> Mechanic Terry Martin , the chief car tester for Emery Motors is working on a revolutionary design for a new carburetor . Engineer Frank Lawson is a rival for the attention of Jane Mitchell who has just been hired to work in the publicity department . The new carburetor proves to be troublesome as Martin can not get it to work correctly . Terry and his fellow mechanic " Gadget " have to endure the addition of Lawson to the team . Having an engineer who is in charge is galling as Lawson believes only he has the solution . When their car is entered in the Indianapolis 500 race , it ends up crashing . While Martin and " Gadget " are recovering from their injuries , Miss Mitchell goes to bat for Martin , since she is secretly the boss 's niece . In a new car designed for a world speed record at the Muroc , California dry lake bed , Martin proves the carburetor works , but nearly loses his life in the attempt . When a fuel pipe cracks , choking fumes are funneled into the cockpit causing the record run to end prematurely . With only moments to spare , Lawson drives the race car , conveying an injured Martin to the Muroc hospital at high speed . Martin is finally vindicated and wins the girl as well .
Elliot neutral Claire ; Beverly neutral Claire ; Elliot positive Beverly <$> Elliot and Beverly Mantle are identical twins and highly successful gynecologists . Elliot , the more aggressive and confident of the two , seduces women who come to the Mantle Clinic . When he tires of them , the women are passed on to the shy and passive Beverly , while the women remain unaware of the substitution . A troubled actress , Claire Niveau , comes to the clinic for her infertility . It turns out that Claire has a " trifurcated cervix " , which means she probably will not be able to have children . Elliot seduces Claire and then urges Beverly to sleep with her . When Beverly becomes attached to Claire , it upsets the equilibrium between the twins . When Claire learns of the twins ' deception , she is angry but later decides to continue a relationship with Beverly exclusively . Claire leaves to work on another film . This sends Beverly into clinical depression , heavy drinking , prescription drug abuse and paranoid delusions about " mutant women " with abnormal genitalia . Beverly seeks out metal artist Anders Wolleck and commissions a set of bizarre gynecological instruments for operating on these mutant women . Beverly is then put on administrative leave by the hospital board after collapsing on a patient . Elliot locks Beverly into the clinic and tries to clean him up , taking pills himself to " synchronize " . When Claire returns , Beverly leaves the clinic to be with her . When he returns to sobriety , he is concerned about his brother , and goes back to the clinic . There he finds the clinic in ruins and Elliot despondent and intoxicated . Their positions are reversed as Beverly cares for Elliot . Drugged and despairing , they celebrate their mock birthday and Elliot volunteers to be killed , " to separate the Siamese twins " . Beverly disembowels Elliot on an examination couch . Beverly pulls himself together , leaves the clinic and calls Claire on a payphone . When she asks , " Who is this ? " , Beverly leaves the payphone , walks back into the clinic and dies in Elliot 's dead arms .
Dortmunder positive Amusa ; Greenberg negative Abe ; Dortmunder positive Abe ; Amusa neutral Abe <$> After Dortmunder is released from his latest stint in prison , he is approached by his brother - in - law , Andy Kelp , about another job . Dr. Amusa seeks a valuable gem in a Brooklyn museum that is of great significance to his people in his country in Africa , stolen during colonial times and then re-stolen by various African nations on multiple occasions since . Kelp and Dortmunder are joined by driver Stan Murch and explosives expert Allan Greenberg and concoct an elaborate plan for stealing the gem from a museum in Brooklyn . Although the plan basically works , something always seems to go awry , and the quartet has to steal the diamond again and again . First off , the diamond is swallowed by Greenberg when he alone gets caught by the police during the initial heist . After Greenberg tells his partners where he hid the rock in the police precinct jail , the quartet attempt another heist on the precinct . Although the plan works , the rock is nowhere to be found . It is later discovered that Greenberg 's father Abe , a dishonest lawyer who bailed his son out of jail , was the only other person who knew where it was . After a series of bluffs , Abe Greenberg reveals that he put the diamond in his safe deposit box and has made his own deal to sell the gem to Dr. Amusa , which will leave Dortmunder 's quartet with nothing . Dr. Amusa fires Dortmunder for his incompetence . However , with the help of a hypnotist , Dortmunder is able to gain access to Abe 's safe deposit box and retrieve the gem just after the bank opens in the morning . As Dortmunder exits the bank , Abe and Dr. Amusa arrive at the bank but do not see him in the crowd . Dortmunder climbs into a car where the others are waiting and a rousing cheer erupts as they drive off .
Riddick negative Jack <$> Shortly after escaping the planet from Pitch Black , Riddick , Jack , and Imam are picked up by a ship . They quickly discover that it 's a mercenary ship . Although Riddick attempts to conceal his identity from the mercenaries by impersonating William J. Johns over the intercom , they quickly voice - print and identify him . Captured by the mercenaries , the trio of survivors discover that their captors have unusual plans for them . The ship 's owner , Antonia Chillingsworth , collects criminals , whom she freezes and keeps as statues that are , in her view , art . Although the criminals are frozen , they are alive and conscious . To her Riddick is the ultimate " masterpiece " for her collection . Riddick , Jack , and Imam must fight their way through the army of human and alien creatures at her disposal or they will meet a fate crueler than death . Riddick is pursued much of the story by Toombs and his mercenarys / bounty hunters . Mercenary soldiers are kept in suspended animation until they are needed . They are released to confront Riddick and company aboard the ship . Jack has important character development , as she discovers her violent side by shooting the ship 's owner just before she can kill Riddick . This discovery is clearly a source of worry for Riddick and Imam as the three escape from the mercenary ship . Riddick decides to deliver both Jack and Imam to New Mecca , leaving them behind .
his negative Dominique ; Mikołaj negative his <$> After opening with a brief , seemingly irrelevant scene of a suitcase on an airport carousel , the story quickly focuses on a Paris divorce court where Karol Karol is pleading with the judge &mdash; the same legal proceedings that Juliette Binoche 's character briefly stumbled upon in Blue . The immigrant Karol , despite his difficulty in understanding French , is made to understand that his wife Dominique does not love him . The grounds for divorce are humiliating : Karol was unable to consummate the marriage . Along with his wife , he loses his means of support , his legal residency in France , and the rest of his cash in a series of mishaps , and is soon a beggar . He only retains a 2 franc coin . In a Paris Métro station , performing songs for spare change , Karol meets and is befriended by another Pole , Mikołaj . While Karol has lost his wife and his property , Mikołaj is married and successful , he offers Karol a job consisting of killing someone who wants to be dead but does not have enough courage to do it himself . Through a hazardous scheme , Mikołaj helps him return to Poland hidden in the suitcase shown at the beginning of the film , which is later stolen by employees at the airport . He returns to working as a hairdresser with his brother . Stuhr and Zamachowski also played brothers in the tenth episode of The Decalogue , likewise a comedy about a money - making scheme . Karol takes a job as a bodyguard in a seemingly innocent cash exchange office . Mikołaj meets Karol in a Warsaw Metro tunnel for the execution of the " suicide " , it turns out to be that Mikołaj is the intended victim and asks Karol to kill him . Karol shoots a blank into Mikołaj 's chest and asks him if he really wants to go through with it as the next bullet is real . Mikołaj refuses and is able to feel alive again . Using his position as a deceptively foolish bodyguard , Karol spies on his bosses and discovers their scheme to purchase different pieces of land that they knew were going to be targeted by big companies for development and resell for large profits . Karol beats them to it , and then tells his ex-bosses that if they kill him all his estate shall go to the Church , and they are therefore forced to purchase all the land from him . With the money he gained from this scheme and with the payment from Mikołaj , the two go into business together . Karol becomes ruthlessly ambitious , focusing his energies on money - making schemes while learning French and brooding over his wife 's abandonment . He uses his new financial influence in a world where , as several characters observe , " you can buy anything " to execute a complex scheme to first win back Dominique , and then destroy her life by faking his own death after which she is imprisoned for his ' murder ' . The final image of the film shows Karol staring at Dominique through the window of her prison cell , while crying .
Judith negative Francis ; Alice negative Erasmo ; Maria positive Francis <$> Francis , a successful writer of crime novels arrives in Venice were he plans to write his next work . Looking for a place to rent , he meets Judith , a real state agent . She insists on showing him an isolated house on the island of Sant ' Erasmo . Francis is smitten with Judith and acquiesces to rent the property if she moves with him . Eighteen months later , Francis and Judith are blissfully married and living together in Sant ' Erasmo . However happiness is not conducive for him to write . Suffering from writer 's block , he roams the streets and canals of Venice in search of inspiration . His daughter Alice visits , a young slightly lost single mother actress addict , and disappears suddenly without explanation . She abandons her ten year old daughter in the care of her father . Alarmed , Francis calls on a detective friend , Anna Maria , to try to track down his daughter . Alice is found to be having a passionate love affair with Alvise , a penniless aristocrat and small - time dealer . Months pass and Francis is still suffering from writer ’s block . His relationship with Judith is severely strained as she is distracted by her work demands of the peak season . He becomes jealous and begins to question Judith ’s fidelity . Before they met , she had many affairs with people from both sexes . Francis decides to have her followed by Anna Maria 's son . This transgression causes Judith to actually have an affair when she realizes what is happening . As their relationship deteriorates , Judith decides to leave Sant ' Erasmo and moves back to Venice proper . Francis accepts the situation with trepidation , and finally manages to complete his novel .
Kesavan negative Seenu <$> Kesavan is a famous singer while his younger brother Seenu spends his time picking fights with people who speak ill of Kesavan . This is a constant source of irritation to everyone in the family . Kesavan slowly becomes a slave to drinks which affects his ability to sing . When this happens at a concert , Seenu fills in for him and sings . While he intended this to be a one - time affair , his singing catches the public 's fancy and he becomes more popular than Kesavan . This makes Kesavan jealous and he starts hating Seenu . Kesavan leaves home , Seenu searches for him , only to receive the news that he is dead . In the climax , Seenu becomes a famous singer and credits his brother as the reason for his success .
Constantine negative Carroll <$> The title page of this film shows the shadow of a cross , with " No war is holy " written across the transept . Constantine ’s Sword is the story of James P. Carroll 's journey to uncover the roots of war . Carroll , a former Catholic priest whose father was a famous Air Force general , implies that there has been a relationship between religiously inspired violence and war , beginning with the adoption of Christianity by the Roman Emperor Constantine I in 312 AD . Constantine was convinced that he had won a battle because he had followed the instructions of a vision , to inscribe a sign of the cross on the shields of his soldiers . In Carroll 's view , this event marked the beginning of an unholy alliance between the military and the Church . Carroll focuses on Catholic and evangelical anti-Judaism , and invokes the cross as a symbol of the long history of Christian xenophobic violence against Jews and non-Christians , Constantine 's Sword , HollywoodJesus.comChris Barsanti . Constantine 's Sword film review at Filmcritic.com . from the Crusades , through the Roman Inquisition and the creation of the Jewish ghetto , to the Holocaust . Carroll also charges that there is an ongoing evangelical infiltration of the U.S. military , and that this has had negative consequences for U.S. foreign policy . The film 's final chapter , " No war is holy " , concludes with views of military cemeteries as Aaron Neville sings " With God On Our Side " .
Anne positive Kraler ; Margot negative Anne ; Daan negative Dussell ; Moushie negative Peter ; Anne positive Peter ; Edith negative Daan ; Gestapo negative Anne ; Anne negative Otto <$> As a truckload of war survivors stops in front of an Amsterdam factory at the end of World War II , Otto Frank gets out and walks inside . After climbing the stairs to a deserted garret , Otto finds a girl 's discarded glove and sobs , then is joined and comforted by Miep Gies and Mr. Kraler , factory workers who shielded him from the Nazis . After stating that he is now all alone , Otto begins to search for the diary written by his youngest daughter ; Anne Frank . Miep promptly retrieves the journal for Otto , and he receives solace reading the words written by his young daughter three years earlier : The date is July 1942 , and Anne begins by chronicling the restrictions placed upon Jews that drove the Franks , into hiding over the spice factory . Sharing the Franks ' hiding place are the Van Daans and their teenage son Peter . Kraler , who works in the office below , and Miep , his assistant , have arranged the hideaway and warn the families that they must maintain strict silence during daylight hours when the workers are there . On the first day , the minutes drag by in silence . After work , Kraler delivers food and a box for Anne compiled by her father , which contains her beloved photos of movie stars and a blank diary . In the first pages of the diary , Anne describes the strangeness of never being able to go outside or breathe fresh air . It states that everybody is good at heart . As the months past , Anne 's irrepressible energy reasserts itself and she constantly teases Peter , whose only attachment is to his cat , Moushie . Isolated from the world outside , Otto schools Anne and Margot as the sounds of sirens and bombers frequently fill the air . Mrs. van Daan passes the time by recounting fond memories of her youth and stroking her one remaining possession , the fur coat given to her by her father . The strain of confinement causes the Van Daans to argue and pits the strong - willed Anne against her mother . One day , Kraler brings a radio to the attic , providing the families with ears onto the world . Soon after , Kraler asks them to take in another person , a Jewish dentist named Albert Dussell . When Van Daan complains that the addition will diminish their food supply , Dussell recounts the dire conditions outside , in which Jews suddenly disappear and are shipped to concentration camps . When Dussell confirms the disappearance of many of their friends , the families ' hopes are dimmed . One night , Anne dreams of seeing one of her friends in a concentration camp and wakes up screaming . In October 1942 , news comes of the Allied landing in Africa , but rather than producing relief , the bombing outside the factory intensifies , fraying the refugees ' already ragged nerves . On Hanukkah , Margot longingly recalls past celebrations and Anne produces little presents for everyone . When Van Daan abruptly announces that Peter must get rid of Moushie because he consumes too much food , Anne protests . Their argument is cut short when they hear a prowler breaks in the front door and the room falls silent . Peter then sends an object crashing to the floor while trying to catch Moushie , and the startled thief grabs a typewriter and flees . A watchman notices the break - in and summons two Gestapo officers , who search the premises , shining their flashlights onto the bookcase that conceals the attic entrance . The families wait in terror until Moushie knocks a plate from the table and meows , reassuring the officers that the noise was caused by a common cat . After the officers leave , Otto , hoping to foster faith and courage , leads everyone in a Hanukkah song . In January 1944 , Anne , on the threshold of womanhood , begins to attract Peter 's attention . When Miep brings the group a cake , Dussell and Van Daan bicker over the size of their portions and then Van Daan asks Miep to sell his wife 's fur coat so that he can buy cigarettes . After Kraler warns that one of his employees asked for a raise and implied that something strange is going on in the attic , Dussell dourly comments that it is just a matter of time before they are discovered . Anne , distraught , blames the adults for the war which has destroyed all sense of hope and ideals . When she storms out of the room , Peter follows and comforts her . Later , Anne confides her dreams of becoming a writer and Peter voices frustration about his inability to join the war effort . In April 1944 , amid talk of liberation , the Franks watch helplessly as more Jews are marched through the streets . Tensions mount , and when Van Daan tries to steal some bread from the others , Edith denounces him and orders him to leave . As Dussell and Van Daan quarrel over food , word comes over the radio of the Normandy invasion and Van Daan breaks into tears of shame . Heartened by the news , everyone apologizes for their harsh words , and Anne dreams of being back in school by the fall . By July 1944 , the invasion has bogged down and Kraler is hospitalized with ulcers . Upon hearing that the Gestapo has found the stolen typewriter , Anne writes that her diary provides her a way to go on living after her death . After the Van Daans begin to quarrel once more , Peter declares that he can not tolerate the situation and Anne soothes him by reminding him of the goodness of those that have come to their aid . Their conversation is interrupted by the sirens of an approaching Gestapo truck . As Anne and Peter bravely stand arm in arm certain of their impending arrest , they passionately kiss . As the German soldiers break down the bookcase entrance to the hideout , Otto declares they no longer have to live in fear , but can go forward in hope . Back in the present , Otto tells Miep and Kraler that on his long journey home after his release from the concentration camp he learned how Edith , Margot and the others perished , but always held out hope that perhaps Anne had somehow survived . Otto sadly reveals that only the previous day in Rotterdam he met a woman who had been in Bergen - Belsen with Anne and confirmed her death . Otto then glances at Anne 's diary and reads , " In spite of everything , I still believe that people are really good at heart , " and is left in total shame.http : / / www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/73083/The-Diary-of-Anne-Frank/full-synopsis.html
she positive Jim <$> Oscar Award winning star Margaret " Maggie " Elliot is a bankrupt actress unwilling to accept her new non-wealthy reality . She is in denial , and confident she can build herself up again and somehow fix her career . After she gets another big deception striving to get that last one good role , she gets drunk , is arrested for DUI , and spends a night in jail . She is bailed out by Jim Johannsen , a young actor whom she helped in the past . Jim loves her and , helped by Margaret ’s daughter Gretchen , tries to make Margaret see that her big screen days as a famous actress are already over . She manages to get a screen test for a role in a film she ’d always wanted to play , being offered a supporting role which she accepts , trusting that if she plays that character as a sexy young woman she might be able to get the best part , but it does not work out . At a Hollywood party , she is offered a role in a new film about a falling star who ca n’t face the fact that it ’s all over . This new script is dedicated to washed - up actors and actresses who are obsessed by their former glory , by what they used to look like , what kind of an impression they ’d make , demanding , bribing , ambitious for power , to stay on top , those who ca n’t look down and ca n't accept that their moment of glory is over and that the world has passed them by ; this script changes Margaret ’s life . It finally makes her realize that her film career is officially over , and she returns home to the open arms of Jim , and the love and acceptance of her daughter , from who Margaret previously desperately attempted to shield her own stalled career .
Loki negative Dr. ; Jorge positive Tonya ; Tim neutral Otis ; her positive Jorge ; Loki neutral Tim ; Tim neutral Tonya ; Alvey positive Tim <$> Ten years after the first film , Dr. Arthur Neuman is giving a tour of the hall of Norse mythology in Edge City Museum . A man in black comes in to view the hall . When Dr. Neuman reaches the part concerning Loki 's imprisonment , Dr. Neuman mentions that Loki created the mask . He unleashed it on Earth . Dr. Neuman also mentioned Odin punished Loki and the imprisonment , the stranger becomes very angry and transforms , revealing himself to be Loki . The tourists panic and flee , but Dr. Neuman stays to argue with the angry god . Loki takes his mask , but realizes it is a fake . In anger he removes Dr. Neuman 's still talking face from his body and puts it on the mask 's stand before getting rid of the guards and storming out of the museum in a whirlwind of rage . In a town called Fringe City , Tim Avery , an aspiring cartoonist at an animation company , is feeling reluctant to become a father . He has a beautiful wife , Tonya , and a best friend , Jorge , who is very shy around women . Tim has a close relationship with his dog Otis , who finds an ancient mask in a creek and brings it to his owner 's house . At the island , Loki was relaxing until Odin confronts him and orders his son to find the mask . Loki asks Odin to help him , however , Odin tells Loki that this is his mess and he has to clean it up . Tim puts on the mask for a Halloween party , transforming into a party animal that is similar to the mask character from the first film . Tim notices Jorge 's crush , Sylvia standing alone in the back , eagerly confronts her , and has her stripped out of her costume and into a skimpy red suit . Sylvia falls into Jorge 's arms , which pleases them both . When the company party turns out to be a bore , Tim uses his mask powers to perform a remix of " Ca n't Take My Eyes Off You " , therefore making the party a success , and giving Tim 's boss the idea for a new cartoon . Tim returns to his house and , while still wearing the mask he conceives a baby . The baby , when he is born , has the same powers as Loki . Meanwhile , Loki is trying to find the child born from the mask , from his father Odin possessing a store clerk , saying if he finds the child , he will find the mask . Later , Tonya goes on a business trip , leaving Tim with the baby . Tim , who has been promoted at work , desperately tries to work on his cartoon at home , but is disrupted by baby Alvey . In order to get some peace and quiet , Tim lets Alvey watch TV , which shows Michigan J. Frog . Alvey devilishly obtains the idea to mess with his father 's head by using his mask powers . Meanwhile , Otis the dog , who has been feeling neglected by Tim because of Alvey , dons the mask by accident and becomes a crazed animal version of himself , who wishes to get rid of the baby but all his attempts are overturned by alvey . Tim starts to notice his son and dog 's wild cartoonish behavior , when Alvey starts harassing him . Eventually , Loki finds the mask - born baby , and confronts Tim for the mask back , and is thwarted again and again by Alvey who uses the power of mask , Loki then kidnaps Alvey for in exchange of the mask where at last everything is set straight by Alvey who chooses his parents even though Loki tries to lure him with toys . Odin loses his patience and begins to banish Loki , but Tim confronts the powerful Norse god and tells him that the most important thing in life is a relationship with your family , and Odin accepts Loki as a son , even without the mask in their power . Tim 's cartoon , based on his own experiences , is a hit , and Tonya reveals that she is pregnant again before the film closes .
Indrajeet negative her <$> The movie revolves around a Tamil pop Singer Indrajeet based in Bangalore who has a large female following . The movie opens with the death of a back up dancer ( [ [ Sivaranjani in Indrajeets group and soon a police detective is put in charge of the investigation . Although , the police suspect Indrajeet , as he is very short tempered , they have no evidence linking him to the crime . Meanwhile Divya , the sister of the dancer , arrives to her grandmother ’s house to find out the truth about her sister ’s death . She goes to meet Indrajeet but is put off by his arrogance . She also talks to his manager and other musicians who all have differing opinions about her sister . While investigating about her sister , she is attacked in a bar but coincidentally Indrajeet saves her and takes her to his concert . During the concert , Indrajeet gets flashes of his parent ’s death in an accident in his childhood and breaks down into tears . At the end of the concert , a girl gets on stage and kisses him to the bemusement of all . That night , the girl who got on stage earlier , is killed by someone wearing Indrajeet ’s coat . Still with no concrete evidence the police began to keep a closer eye on Indrajeet and find that Divya seems to have an interest in him . To warn her , police reveal to Divya that Indrajeet is her sister ’s death ’s main and only suspect . Divya plans to out Indrajeet with the help of Sivaranjani ’s friends , who attacked her earlier in the bar mistakenly . She feigns to have fallen for Indrajeet and she stages a kidnapping to test Indrajeet ’s skill with the knife . He turns out to be quite good with the knife . But the next day , he sees her talking to the kidnapper and manages to determine that she was faking her love . So he comes clean to her about her sister . Divya ’s sister was an unstable substance abuser who had a thing for him , but he did n’t reciprocate . She even had threatened to commit suicide if he did n’t reciprocate but he manages to save her and that was the last he had seen her . The killer , who has pictures of this , which looks like incriminating him has been blackmailing him into coming to the murder scenes just minutes after the murder takes place . Divya believes him and falls for him . One afternoon , while with Divya , the killer calls and demands Indrajeet to come to a place out of town or he will kill another person . He refuses as he has had enough and tells the killer that he can tell the truth to the police even if the pictures are handed to them . But Divya , in order to find her sisters killer slips away and goes to that location in their car . Indrajeet , worrying about her , goes to the location . The killer ’s next victim happens to be Divya ’s grandmother who had car troubles but had accepted the help of the killer , having recognized him . The killer strangles her in her car and takes a picture of the dead body and leaves . Divya arrives and calls the police . Indrajeet arrives at the scene and notices that the police have found one of his glove in the murder scene and he is their suspect . He escapes the police and runs away to his manager ’s house . The police arrive at the manager ’s house and he asks Indrajeet to hide in the closet . Indrajeet find a jacket similar to his in the closet and also the other glove found at the murder scene . He realizes that his manager is the killer and flees . The manager sneakily lead the police to his closet but finds Indrajeet gone . Indrajeet calls his manager and impersonates a forest official who has photographed his murder earlier and asks for money . He specifies a location and asks the manager to get there soon . He enters the house when the manager leaves and looks around . He is able to find a secret room filled with photographs of his victims . He calls the manager again and makes him run to another location . After that he reveals his true identity and says that he now has proof of his innocence since the killers reflection is on the car window when he took the photograph earlier . Shocked , he stumbles out but runs into Divya . He kidnaps her and tells Indrajeet to come to an abandoned house outside the city with the photographs . The police spot Indrajeet and chase him . Meanwhile the manager reveals to Divya that he has started killing because her sister turned down him and laughed at him for being a lesser man than Indrajeet . He , in his jealous rage killed her and other girls who liked Indrajeet . Indrajeet manages to escape the police and rescue Divya . The manager is killed and the police find the truth when the grandmother , who had only been unconscious , ousts the killer .
Khan negative Mowgli ; Kaa negative Mowgli ; Mowgli positive Hathi ; Mowgli positive Baloo ; Hathi positive Baloo <$> Mowgli , a young orphan boy , is found in a basket in the deep jungles of Madhya Pradesh , India . Bagheera , a black panther who discovers the baby , promptly takes him to a mother Indian Wolf who has just had cubs . She raises him along with her own cubs and Mowgli soon becomes well acquainted with jungle life . Mowgli is shown ten years later , playing with his wolf siblings . One night , when the wolf tribe learns that Shere Khan , a man - eating Bengal tiger , has returned to the jungle , they realize that Mowgli must be taken to the " man village " for his own safety . Bagheera volunteers to escort him back . They leave that very night , but Mowgli is determined to stay in the jungle . He and Bagheera rest in a tree for the night , when Kaa , a hungry Indian Python , appears and hypnotizes Mowgli into a deep and peaceful sleep , traps him tightly in his coils and tries to devour him , but fails when Bagheera intervenes . The next morning , Mowgli tries to join the elephant patrol led by Colonel Hathi and his wife Winifred . Bagheera finds Mowgli and they argue which results in Bagheera leaving Mowgli on his own . Mowgli soon meets up with the laid - back , fun - loving sloth bear Baloo , who shows Mowgli the fun of having a care - free life and promises to raise Mowgli himself and never take him back to the Man - Village . Mowgli now wants to stay in the jungle more than ever . Shortly afterwards , Baloo is tricked and outsmarted by a gang of monkeys who kidnap Mowgli and take him to their leader , King Louie the orangutan , who makes a deal with Mowgli that if he tells him the secret of making fire like a human , then he will make it so he can stay in the jungle . However , since he was not raised by humans , Mowgli does not know how to make fire . Bagheera and Baloo arrive to rescue Mowgli and in the ensuing chaos , King Louie 's palace is demolished to rubble . Bagheera speaks to Baloo that night and convinces him that the jungle will never be safe for Mowgli so long as Shere Khan is there . In the morning , Baloo reluctantly explains to Mowgli that the man village is best for the boy , but Mowgli accuses him of breaking his promise and runs away . As Baloo sets off on foot in search of Mowgli , Bagheera rallies the help of Hathi and his patrol to make a search party . However , Shere Khan himself , who was eavesdropping on Bagheera and Hathi 's conversation , is now determined to hunt and kill Mowgli himself . Meanwhile , Mowgli has encountered Kaa once again in a different tree and the hungry python exacts his revenge by hypnotizing Mowgli again , and tries to eat him , but thanks to the unwitting intervention of the suspicious Shere Khan , Mowgli awakens again , tricks the snake again , and escapes . As a storm gathers , a depressed Mowgli encounters a group of puckish but friendly vultures who closely resemble The Beatles , and they agree to be his friends as they too are outcasts , and feel that everyone has to have friends . Shere Khan appears shortly after , scaring off the Vultures and confronting Mowgli . Baloo rushes to the rescue and tries to keep Shere Khan away from Mowgli , but is injured . When lightning strikes a nearby tree and sets it ablaze , the vultures swoop in to distract Shere Khan while Mowgli gathers flaming branches and ties them to Shere Khan 's tail . As fire is his only fear , the tiger panics and runs off . Bagheera and Baloo take Mowgli to the edge of the Man - Village , but Mowgli is still hesitant to go there . His mind soon changes when he is smitten by a beautiful young girl from the village who is coming down by the riverside to fetch water . After noticing Mowgli , she " accidentally " drops her water pot , and Mowgli retrieves it for her and follows her into the man village . After Mowgli chooses to stay in the man village , Baloo and Bagheera decide to head home , content that Mowgli is safe and happy with his own kind .
Anderton neutral Witwer ; Anderton negative Agatha ; Anderton negative Crow ; Lara negative Burgess ; Lara positive Anderton ; Anderton negative Burgess <$> In April 2054 , Captain John Anderton is chief of the highly controversial Washington , D.C. , PreCrime police force . They use future visions generated by three " precogs " , mutated humans with precognitive abilities , to stop murders ; because of this , the city has been murder - free for six years . Though Anderton is a respected member of the force , he is addicted to Neuroin , an illegal psychoactive drug . His addiction started following the disappearance of his son Sean , which also caused his wife Lara to leave him . With the PreCrime force poised to go nationwide , the system is audited by Danny Witwer , a member of the United States Justice Department . During the audit , the precogs predict that Anderton will murder a man named Leo Crow in 36 hours . Believing the incident to be a setup by Witwer , who is aware of Anderton 's addiction , Anderton attempts to hide the case and quickly departs the area before Witwer begins a manhunt for him . Anderton seeks the advice of Dr. Iris Hineman , the lead researcher of the PreCrime technology . She explains to Anderton that sometimes the three precogs see different visions of the future , in which case the system only provides data on the two reports which agree ; the " minority report " , reflecting the potential future where a predicted killer would have done something different , is discarded . According to Dr. Hineman , the female precog Agatha is most likely to be the precog that witnesses the minority report . Anderton undergoes a dangerous underground eye replacement to avoid detection by the city 's optical recognition system . He travels back to PreCrime and kidnaps Agatha , which disables the precogs ' hive mind and shuts down the system . Anderton takes Agatha to a shopping mall , and a hacker , who extracts both Agatha 's vision of Crow 's murder &mdash; with no differences from the other two precogs , so there was no minority report &mdash; and another of the murder of a woman named Anne Lively &mdash; which Agatha also showed to Anderton the day before he was incriminated . Anderton and Agatha then head to the apartment where Crow is to be killed . Inside , Anderton finds hundreds of pictures of children , one of which is of his son , and concludes that Crow is responsible for Sean 's disappearance . When Crow arrives , Anderton holds him at gunpoint , but ultimately decides to control his anger and places Crow under arrest instead . Crow admits that he was hired to plant these photos and then be killed , so his family would be paid handsomely . Since Anderton refuses to kill him , Crow grabs the officer 's hand and makes him fire at point - blank range , effectively committing suicide by cop . On the run , Anderton and Agatha approach his ex-wife Lara for refuge . Anderton learns Lively was Agatha 's former drug - addicted mother , once before a target of a failed murder attempt after requesting to see her daughter before her death . Anderton realizes that his knowledge of the Lively case is why he is being targeted . Meanwhile , Witwer assesses Crow 's " murder " and doubts that Anderton killed him in cold blood . He comes to recognize that the archival footage of Lively 's murder shows what appears to be a future echo by one of the visions , routinely discarded by PreCrime , which he realizes is a different murder as nearby water is rippling in a different direction from the original PreCrime vision . He suspects someone used this to stage the first murder attempt , and then recreated the setting to actually kill Lively and avoid being detected by PreCrime . Witwer realizes that the murderer would had to have been someone high up in PreCrime to have access to the vision , and reports these findings to PreCrime 's Director Lamar Burgess . Burgess , noting that the PreCrime division is currently disabled due to Agatha 's absence , kills Witwer and frames Anderton for that murder as well . The PreCrime unit eventually captures Anderton and restores Agatha to the system . Burgess attempts to comfort Lara , but accidentally reveals that he was the one that killed Lively . Lara acts on this information and frees Anderton at gunpoint . At a banquet to celebrate the success of the PreCrime unit attended by Burgess , Anderton plays back Agatha 's vision of Lively 's murder for the gathered crowd , which shows Burgess as the murderer . While Burgess begins to hunt down Anderton , a new PreCrime report is created : Anderton is the victim and Burgess , the murderer . When Burgess catches up to Anderton , Anderton explains the impossible situation : if Burgess kills Anderton , he proves the system works but at the cost of a life sentence , while if he does not , the system will not have worked and the PreCrime division will be shut down . Anderton explains the fundamental flaw in the system : if one knows his or her future , he or she can change it . Burgess resolves the dilemma by killing himself . The PreCrime program is shut down and the prisoners are unconditionally pardoned and released , though police departments keep watch on many of them . Anderton and Lara remarry and start a new family . The precogs are sent to an " undisclosed location " , a small uncharted island in the North Atlantic Ocean to live out a full happy life in peace .
Ned positive Jim ; Molly negative Bobby ; Molly neutral Ned <$> A couple of 1930s Great Depression - era convicts , Ned and Jim , jailed on never - specified charges and abused by a ruthless warden , are dragged along when a vicious killer named Bobby escapes the electric chair . The two end up in a town near the Canadian border , where they are mistaken for a pair of priests expected at the local monastery . They want to flee but can not , since misunderstandings and the warden 's search party looking for Bobby make a trip across the bridge to Canada almost impossible . Ned and Jim continue to masquerade as priests , trusted and welcomed by Father Levesque . An opportunity presents itself in the form of a procession / pilgrimage to the church 's sister church across the border . Each priest participating has to bring along someone who needs help , so they decide on the deaf - mute daughter of Molly , a local laundress and prostitute.Amazon.com Bobby is killed by police during the procession . Ned saves Molly 's daughter from drowning , after this event she is able to speak . Jim is befriended by a young monk and decides to stay in the monastery to actually become a priest . Ned takes Molly and her daughter to Canada .
Chase neutral Dylan ; Heather negative Chase ; Freddy negative Heather ; Heather negative Craven ; Nancy negative Heather ; Freddy negative Craven ; Heather neutral Dylan ; Julie neutral Heather <$> { { plot } } A pair of hands is creating a sleek , fully metal bladed glove in a boiler room . As the maker of the claws appears to chop off his own hand in preparation for attaching the claws to his own wrist , it is revealed to be a film set , and the people watching wince , and the director , Wes Craven , encourages the effects specialists to pump more blood . Heather Langenkamp , her make up artist husband , Chase , and their son , Dylan , are wandering around the set of the new Nightmare on Elm Street movie . Presently the claw , which was only a prop a minute ago , comes to life and starts maiming and killing the special effects crew . As the claw advances to attack Chase , Heather screams waking up in her bed with Chase , during an earthquake in Los Angeles . After the earthquake dies down , Chase has a couple of scratches , which are the very same as he had received in the dream . This causes Heather to wonder if they were sustained in the earthquake or during the dream . Heather reveals she has been receiving harassing phone calls from " someone who sounds an awful lot like Freddy . " Heather is a guest on a morning talk show the very same day , where they discuss the 10th anniversary of the Nightmare films . Also , as part of the talk show line - up , Robert Englund as himself tears through a screen dressed up as Freddy Krueger to surprise Heather ; Heather is slightly disturbed by this . Producer Bob Shaye asks Heather to visit his office at New Line Cinema , and explains that Wes Craven is working on a script for the new and final Nightmare film . Heather is asked to reprise her role as main character " Nancy , " but decides against it with her own recent nightmares and disturbing phone calls . Bob explains that her husband , Chase is also working on the film and he is creating a scary new glove for Freddy . When she gets home , her son has an episode during which he warns her in a voice not of his own , " Never sleep again ! " Worried , Heather asks Chase to come home , however Chase falls asleep at the wheel on the way and dies supposedly in a car crash . When Heather goes to identify the body , it seems to her that there may have been more than meets the eye to the " crash , " as was made apparent by the claw - like marks on his chest . She enlists Craven 's help for making sense of what 's happening . Craven explains that he does not know much more than she does . He dreams a scene each night and wakes up and writes them down . Craven goes on to tell her that in the script he 's writing , pure evil can be defeated if its essence is captured in a work of art that is able to allow evil to express itself . Craven explains that the evil has taken the form of Freddy Krueger because it is a familiar one . Freddy sees her as the gatekeeper who holds Freddy at bay , since Heather 's character Nancy defeated Freddy in the first movie who in turn eliminated Nancy in the third , but still could n't be released . To Freddy it is Heather that gave the character of Nancy her strength . Freddy is attacking her at her weakest points , trying to break her down before confronting her , prompting her to leave just as confused as when she arrived . After a short sleep in Dylan 's room , Heather wakes to discover Dylan is gone , she goes downstairs and finds Dylan in another episode . Heather takes Dylan to the hospital , there a doctor asks if Dylan said anything during his trance , Heather says " No " but the doctor later gets it out of her that Dylan has been doing Freddy - like actions and singing Freddy 's theme . Later , Julie shows up at the hospital and tells Heather she had a nightmare about him . Soon , two nurses want to sedate Dylan , but Julie had instructed by Heather to not let Dylan fall asleep while she goes home to get Rex . Julie punches the nurse and threatening another with a needle , and locks the door . Meanwhile , Heather tried to leave but been stopped by security to be questioned by the doctor , the doctor suspects Heather is insane , and tries to agree to foster care . Next , Dylan drifts to sleep , Freddy appears in the locked hospital room and brutally slays Julie . The nurses unlock the doors , and discover the murder . They run , but Heather is concerned where Dylan went , the doctor realizes Heather is right . Heather soon remembers home , . She discovers a giant Freddy dangling Dylan from above traffic . She arrives home and finds Dylan , but Freddy begins to manipulate the world , causing her to become Nancy . By forcing Heather to accept the role he wants her to play , Freddy rises out from Dylan 's bed and is fully in the real world . Heather runs inside and into Dylan 's room only to find him gone , and the toy dinosaur Dylan believed was protecting him totally eviscerated by Freddy . Heather takes sleeping pills to join in on a dream , final showdown with Freddy to save an already captured Dylan . It occurs in a hot , steamy and water - logged dreamscape ruin , apparently Freddy 's home turf . Dylan finds Heather , only for them both to be attacked by Freddy , Heather is knocked out , Dylan is left defenseless . Freddy successfully lures Dylan into a trap and tries to attack him vigorously , Heather discovers the battle and fights off Freddy , but Freddy makes his tongue extend and wrap around her face . Dylan gets out of the trap to save Heather by taking a large kitchen knife that she brought in with her , stabbing Freddy 's tongue and making it go back to its previous size . The two succeed in killing Freddy , by locking him in a lit furnace where upon catching on fire , his true visage is shown amidst a fiery blast , all the while Dylan and Heather flee , escaping back to reality , where they find the script of the film Craven has been working on , waiting for them . Dylan asks his mother to read , which she does : " We open on an old wooden bench . There 's fire and tools , and a man 's grimy hands building what 's soon revealed as a gleaming set of claws . And the claws are moving now as if awakening from a long and unwanted sleep ... "
Shane negative Jack ; Shane negative Gigascorpis <$> Marine biologist Skyler Shane meets Jack Bowman , at a northern Sumatran lake to search for prehistoric samples of a Devonian period giant sea scorpion called Gigascorpis . Then , Shane met Tamal , a child . But in the night , Tamal 's uncle is killed when he was walking in the shore . Andi , Jack 's child time friend is killed too . All of them died of a big bite and sting . Boss Harris , a boss in a corporation is dragged when boating in the sea , and finally when sailing , Jack and Shane 's boat is attacked by a giant sea scorpion : a real - life Gigascorpis ! The monster kills two crews of the vessel : Big Rudi and Rizal . Two men also killed by the monster . Tamal says that maybe they should dive to subdue the creature . Aris , a young diver helped them . They still confused why would a long extinct creature is now here . Jimmy Kudrow , a young president of a corporation revealed that he breeded prehistoric creatures , and Gigascorpis was the most perfect creation . But , the Gigascorpis infiltirated his base and killed him , then eat him . Gigascorpis is purused to the sea , until Shane takes a harpoon along with him and dives . The battle ensues and Shane tries to avoid Gigascorpis ' sting attack . Finally , Shane shoots the sharp harpoon to the Gigascorpis ' head , and red blood gases come out . Finally Gigascorpis died , and the threat was ended . But in the rubble of Jimmy 's base , a gigantic black sting comes out : another Gigascorpis !
Dora negative Jack <$> Jack decides to put an end to the abuse he has received from his adoptive parents , enabling him to run away and find his long lost sibling Dora . Although Dora has fared much better since their abandonment and subsequent adoption , she is also drawn to use her telepathic powers to find him . Along the way , Jack is constantly pursued by the four daughters of his adoptive parents , seeking revenge for their parents ' demise at the hands of Jack and his invention .
Pozzi negative Nashe ; Flower positive Stone ; Pozzi negative Murks ; Murks negative Nashe <$> Jim Nashe worked as a fireman , but a large inheritance and a divorce from his wife has left him free to buy a new car and see the country at his leisure . He picks up a hitchhiker , Jack Pozzi , who turns out to be a professional gambler . Pozzi tells how he just lost $ 10,000 to a pair of eccentric old millionaires in a poker game , simply through a bad stroke of luck . With money and time to spare , the intrigued Nashe offers to back Pozzi with $ 10,000 for a rematch . The wealthy men , Flower and Stone , live together on a huge estate . They willingly agree to another game , but are not the suckers Pozzi takes them for . They win again . Nashe puts up his car as collateral against the cash if Flower and Stone will cut cards , winner take all . Nashe loses . No clear alternative exists except to work off the debt . The quirky Flower and Stone have a pile of 10,000 heavy stones , said to be from a 15th Century castle originally . They would like to build a wall on their property , so they tell Nashe and Pozzi that if they devote the next 50 days to erecting the wall , their debt will be paid in full . A foreman named Calvin Murks keeps an eye on the two men . Nashe methodically goes about his task , carrying the stone , but Pozzi becomes increasingly unhinged , feeling like a slave . Pozzi takes offense at a snide remark by Murks and assaults him , whereupon Murks begins coming to work armed with a gun . Pozzi attempts to escape . His badly beaten body is found . Nashe ca n't be sure who did this , although Murks seems a likely suspect . Pozzi eventually disappears and Nashe fears that he 's dead . He privately decides to get even , the best way he knows how .
Sheba negative Barbara ; Richard negative Sheba ; Annabel neutral Barbara <$> Barbara Covett teaches history at a comprehensive school in London . A lonely old spinster , Barbara 's only " intimate relationship " is with herself by means of a diary . When a new , younger teacher , Sheba Hart , starts at the school , Barbara feels drawn to her and believes that she " may be the one " . Barbara discovers that Sheba is having an affair with a student , Steven Connolly ( [ [ Andrew Simpson , and confronts her . When Sheba asks her not to tell the school administration until Christmas so that she can be with her family , Barbara explains she has no intention of telling , as long as she ends the relationship . However , Sheba does not end the affair with Steven , causing Barbara to taunt her emotionally and draw her down , leading her to end the affair with Steven . In months passing , Barbara 's grasp on Sheba slowly starts to take hold , with Barbara manipulating and emotionally blackmailing her , causing her attentions to be divided between her family and Barbara . When Barbara 's cat dies and Sheba 's loyalties are easily divided , Sheba 's husband Richard shouts in anger that her friend is being an evident pain and that his wife is being twisted by Barbara . Alone and feeling betrayed , Barbara seeks revenge by revealing Sheba 's affair to a fellow teacher who comes to her asking her if Sheba is interested in him . The fellow teacher spreads the " playground rumour " to Steven 's mother . Mrs. Connolly then comes to Sheba 's home and hits Sheba . Afterwards , Sheba and her husband Richard bitterly argue . In Barbara 's voice - over , she reveals she is glad that they are arguing , knowing that Sheba will come to her for comfort , which had been Barbara 's plan to start with . The next day , the media , as well as the school administration , are alerted , and Sheba 's affair and her life are turned upside down by the collapse of her marriage , the destroyed relationship with her children and the loss of her job . Barbara is fired from the school after denying to the headmaster that she knew of the relationship ; he confronts her with a copy of a restraining order taken out against Barbara by another fellow teacher whom she had previously befriended . Sheba ends up moving into Barbara 's house , believing that the affair became known because Steven confessed it to his mother , but Sheba soon finds Barbara 's diary and learns that it was Barbara who leaked the story of the affair , on account of the rather sexual attraction Barbara seems to have for her . When Barbara returns from a shopping round , she is confronted by a furious Sheba , who strikes her in anger . Barbara says she has done her a favour by getting her out of a hopeless marriage . The two of them continue to shout and fight with one another , and Sheba claims that Barbara never really liked her , but in fact manipulated her for her own personal needs . Sheba runs outside with Barbara 's journal , to streams of reporters and photographers . She shouts at them in a deluded fashion , but becomes hemmed in by a crush of reporters and photographers , at which point Barbara rescues her . Sheba 's emotions spent , she quietly tells Barbara that she had initiated the friendship because she had liked her and they could have been friends . Barbara says she needs more than a friend . Sheba leaves Barbara , placing the journal on the table . Sheba returns to her family home . Richard answers the door . The two face one another silently for several moments , and then Richard allows her to enter . Sheba is sentenced to 10 months , and the last scene is Barbara meeting another younger woman who is reading a newspaper reporting the Sheba Hart affair . Barbara says she used to know Sheba , but then downplays the relationship by acting as if they hardly knew each other . Barbara quickly introduces herself , and the other woman introduces herself as Annabel . The pair continue to talk . Barbara mentions attending a classical concert and invites Annabel to join her .